abilene , texas is served by abilene regional airport .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located at madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas .
the runway name of adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is 18l / 36r .
the icao location identifier of afonso pena international airport is sbct .
afonso pena international airport serves the city of curitiba .
the al taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah .
the runway length of al - taqaddum air base is 3684 . 0 .
the runway name of alderney airport is 14 / 32 .
the runway length of allama iqbal international airport is 3360 . 12 .
the 1st runway at amsterdam airport schiphol is number 18 .
the 5th runway at amsterdam airport schiphol is made of asphalt .
the runway name of amsterdam airport schiphol is 06 / 24 kaagbaan .
andrews county airport is 973 metres above sea level .
andrews county , texas is the owner of andrews county airport .
andrews county airport runway length is 896 . 0 .
the 1st runway at angola international airport is made of asphalt .
antwerp international airport is 12 . 0 metres above sea level .
the flemish government is the operating organisation of antwerp international airport .
the runway length of appleton international airport is 2439 . 0 .
the runway length of ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is 518 . 0 .
the icao location identifier of ashgabat international airport is utaa .
the runway name of ashgabat international airport is 11 / 29 .
atlantic city international airport is owned by the south jersey transportation authority .
the runway name of atlantic city international airport is 13 / 31 .
the dutch language is spoken in belgium .
curitiba is part of the south region of brazil .
the people of denmark are called danes .
fallujah is in iraq .
greenville , wisconsin is in the united states .
greenville , wisconsin is part of grand chute , wisconsin .
arabic is the language of iraq .
madrid is in spain .
maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan is part of the united states .
sardar ayaz sadiq is the leader of pakistan .
the port authority of new york and new jersey serves the region of new jersey .
the largest city in texas is houston .
the united states air force fought in the united states bombing of libya in 1986 .
the boeing c - 17 globemaster iii is a transport aircraft in the united states air force .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 .
adams county , pennsylvania is southeast of carroll county , maryland .
the leader of azerbaijan is artur rasizade .
the leader of azerbaijan is the prime minister of azerbaijan .
the native name of the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is turk sehitleri aniti .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa .
250 delaware avenue is postmodern in style .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago .
the architect of 320 south boston building is george winkler .
the building of 320 south boston building began in 1910 .
the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen has 814 rooms .
james pain and george richard pain were the architects of adare manor .
adisham hall is located in haputale .
the akita museum of art is located in japan .
the college of william and mary is the owner of alan b . miller hall .
amdavad ni gufa is located at lalbhai dalpatbhai campus , near cept university , opp . gujarat university , university road .
the reference number in the national register of historic places for asher and mary isabelle richardson house is 88002539 .
julia morgan was the architect of asilomar conference grounds .
the architecture of asilomar conference grounds is arts and crafts movement and american craftsman bungalows .
the asilomar conference grounds were constructed in 1913 .
the asser levy public baths are located in new york city .
buffalo , new york is part of erie county , new york .
byron brown is the leader of buffalo , new york .
county limerick is part of munster .
the lord mayor of dublin is criona ni dhalaigh .
the leader of ethiopia is mulatu teshome .
the people of india are called indians .
julia morgan designed the los angeles herald examiner building .
live nation entertainment is located in beverly hills , california .
manhattan is part of new york .
new york city is part of new netherland .
pacific grove , california is part of california .
white south africans are one of the ethnic groups in the country .
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom .
the isbn number of 1634 : the ram rebellion is 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
eric flint wrote 1634 : the ram rebellion .
1634 : the ram rebellion was published in print .
the aids journal is published in the united kingdom .
the oclc number of a glastonbury romance is 76798317 .
a glastonbury romance is available in hardcover .
a long long way is written in the english language .
a wizard of mars was written by diane duane .
the issn number of abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universitat hamburg is 0025 - 5858 .
above the veil was written by garth nix .
above the veil is available in print form .
the acta palaeontologica polonica has the issn number 0567 - 7920 .
the lccn number of addiction journal is 93645978 .
the addiction journal is about addiction .
aenir is written in the english language .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in the english language .
the american journal of mathematics is the academic discipline of math .
the novel castle is written in english .
eric flint was born in burbank , california .
macmillan publishers is the parent company of farrar , straus and giroux .
john cowper powys notable work is a glastonbury romance .
soho press is located in the united states .
the secret scripture was published by faber and faber .
asian americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states .
the language of the united states is the english language .
a glastonbury romance preceded weymouth sands .
the manager of a . c . chievo verona is rolando maran .
a . d . isidro metapan play in the salvadoran primera division .
the fullname of a . f . c . blackpool is association football club blackpool .
a . f . c . blackpool ' s ground is the mechanics .
a . f . c . blackpool ' s ground is in blackpool .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in gubbio .
the a . s . gubbio 1910 has 5300 members .
the ground of aek athens f . c . is in athens .
aek athens f . c . played in the 2014 - 15 season in the football league ( greece ) .
the azal arena is located in baku .
azal pfk play in the azerbaijan premier league .
az alkmaar played in the eredivisie in 2014 - 15 .
akron , ohio is in the united states .
akron , ohio is located in summit county , ohio .
the full name of akron summit assault is akron metro futbol club summit assault .
eberhard van der laan is the leader of amsterdam .
christian panucci played for chelsea f . c .
christian panucci played for inter milan .
frank de boer is in the fc barcelona club .
gubbio is in the region of umbria .
sergio mattarella is the leader of italy .
jens härtel is in the fc sachsen leipzig club .
jorge humberto rodriguez plays for fc dallas .
luciano spalletti plays for udinese calcio .
massimo drago played for a . s . d . s . s . nola 1925 .
michele marcolini plays for atalanta b . c .
michele marcolini plays for vicenza calcio .
peter stöger is in the 1 . fc köln club .
rolando maran plays for fc bari 1908 .
jong ajax is the tenant of sportpark de toekomst .
st . vincent - st . mary high school is located in the united states .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in the state of alba .
the president of the acharya institute of technology is b . m . reddy .
mahe , india is northwest of kerala .
mendrisio is a neighbouring municipality to meride .
the capital of romania is bucharest .
the dean of the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is thomas pallesen .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university has 16 , 000 students .
alan bean is a us national .
buzz aldrin was the backup pilot of apollo 8 .
buzz aldrin graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a sc . d .
buzz aldrin was a crew member of apollo 11 .
buzz aldrin was selected by nasa in 1963 .
the gemstone of california is benitoite .
elliot see died on february 28 , 1966 .
elliot see died in st . louis .
elliot see is deceased .
the creator of april o ' neil is kevin eastman .
bananaman was broadcast by the bbc .
ben urich ' s full name is benjamin urich .
bibbo bibbowski was created by jerry ordway .
bo bibbowski is the full name of bibbo bibbowski .
bill oddie was born in lancashire .
the black pirate is also known as jon valor .
john buscema won the eisner award .
karl kesel is an american .
marv wolfman won the kirby award .
peter laird is from the united states .
scott adsit was born in northbrook , illinois .
the area code of albany , georgia is 229 .
albany , oregon is part of the united states .
the leader of albuquerque , new mexico is the mayor .
the leader of albuquerque , new mexico is the new mexico house of representatives .
the leader of albuquerque , new mexico is the new mexico senate .
amarillo , texas has a total area of 233 . 9 square kilometres .
amarillo , texas is part of randall county , texas .
anderson , indiana is part of richland township , madison county , indiana .
angola , indiana is 324 . 0 above sea level .
the area code of antioch , california is 925 .
antioch , california is part of contra costa county , california .
the population density of arlington , texas is 1472 . 0 inhabitants per square kilometre .
the leader of atlanta is kasim reed .
atlantic city , new jersey has a total area of 44 . 125 square kilometres .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey .
attica , indiana is 166 . 0 above sea level .
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama .
auburn , washington has a total area of 77 . 41 square kilometres .
austin is part of texas .
spanish is a language spoken in california .
the largest city in dekalb county , georgia is dunwoody .
fulton county , georgia is in the united states .
anderson is the county seat of madison county , indiana .
michigan is in the united states .
the largest city in michigan is detroit .
orange county , california is in the united states .
the largest city in oregon is portland .
the largest city in tarrant county , texas is fort worth .
barack obama is the leader of the united states .
the united states house of representatives is located in the united states capitol .
pecorino romano is an ingredient of amatriciana sauce .
chili pepper is an ingredient of arrabbiata sauce .
white rice is an ingredient of arros negre .
arros negre is from the catalonia region .
arros negre is from the region of the valencian community .
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore .
tomato is an ingredient of blt .
baked alaska is a dish from hong kong .
bakewell pudding can be served warm or cold .
bandeja paisa is a typical columbian cuisine .
chicharron is an ingredient of bandeja paisa .
bandeja paisa is a dish from the paisa region .
barny cakes can be served in 30 . 0 g sizes .
batagor and shumai are variations of the same dish .
the main ingredients of batagor are fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce .
shrimp is an ingredient of batchoy .
beef kway teow is a dish from indonesia .
bhajji is also known as bhaji or bajji .
taro is an ingredient of binignit .
cottage cheese can be added to bionico .
bionico is a food found in the region of jalisco .
chicken is a bird .
the currency of india is the indian rupee .
the leader of india is sumitra mahajan .
the language of indonesia is indonesian .
aristoteles sandoval is the leader of jalisco .
banyumasan people are an ethnic group in java .
malaysian malay is an ethnic group in malaysia .
the leader of mexico is silvano aureoles conejo .
spanish is one of the languages spoken in new york .
shumai is a dish from china .
peanut sauce is an ingredient of siomay .
malays are an ethnic group in sumatra .
david cameron is the leader of the united kingdom .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property .
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in the monocacy national battlefield , which is nearest to the city of frederick , maryland .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku and is located in azerbaijan .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku , is known to the locals as turk sehitleri aniti .
akron , ohio is in the united states where african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
albany is part of oregon , where the capital is salem .
the leader of albuquerque , new mexico , in the united states , is the united states house of representatives .
amarillo , texas is part of texas , in the united states .
anaheim , california is part of california and is lead by the united states house of representatives .
anaheim , california is part of orange county , california , in the united states .
anderson , indiana is part of adams township , madison county , indiana , united states .
antioch , california is 13 . 0 above sea level and has a total area of 75 . 324 square kilometres .
arlington , texas is 184 . 0 above sea level and has a total area of 258 . 2 square kilometres .
arlington , texas is part of texas , united states .
atlanta is in the united states and is part of georgia .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of atlantic county , new jersey , in the united states .
atlantic city , new jersey is in the united states , where the capital is washington d . c .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of atlantic county , new jersey , in the united states .
atlantic city , new jersey has a population density of 1421 . 2 inhabitants per square kilometre and a total area of 44 . 125 square kilometres .
auburn , washington is part of pierce county , washington , in the united states .
albany , oregon is part of the united states , where the capital is washington d . c .
amarillo , texas is in the united states , where the capital is washington d . c .
albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states where african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
albany , georgia is part of the united states , where native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
auburn , alabama is in the united states , where native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
akron , ohio is in the united states where the language is english .
the leader of the united states is the president of the united states . albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states .
tomato is an ingredient of amatriciana sauce which comes from italy .
arem - arem is a dish from indonesia , where jusuf kalla is the leader .
arrabbiata sauce can be found in italy where the italian language is spoken .
arrabbiata sauce can be found in italy , where sergio mattarella is the leader .
arrabbiata sauce , which contains chili pepper , is a traditional italian sauce .
arros negre is a traditional dish from the region of the valencian community in spain .
the main ingredients of asam pedas are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce and it comes from indonesia .
ayam penyet is a dish from malaysia and indonesia .
bacon sandwich is a variation of the blt , which is a variation of the club sandwich .
bacon and sausage are the main ingredients of a bacon explosion .
bacon sandwiches , which contain bacon , are also known as bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm and bacon muffin .
bread is an ingredient of a bacon sandwich , which is a variation of the blt .
sponge cake is an ingredient of baked alaska which comes from france .
baked alaska is a dish from france , where manuel valls is the leader .
meringue is an ingredient of baked alaska which comes from the united states .
fruit preserves are an ingredient of bakewell tart , a variation of bakewell pudding .
vermicelli is an ingredient of bakso which comes from indonesia .
celery is a member of the family of apiaceae and is an ingredient in bakso .
chicharron is an ingredient in the columbian dish of bandeja paisa .
barny cakes can be found in france where claude bartolone is the leader .
batagor is a dish from indonesia and one of the ingredients is peanut sauce .
batagor and siomay are variations of the same dish and one of the ingredients is peanut sauce .
beef kway teow , which contains palm sugar , is a dish from singapore .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore , where halimah yacob is the leader .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore and indonesia and the main ingredients are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
bhajji come from india , where the people are known as indians .
bhajji come from india , where t . s . thakur is the leader .
binignit is a dish from the philippines where the igorot people are an ethnic group .
binignit is a dish from the philippines and one of the main ingredients is banana .
the main ingredients of binignit are sweet potato and banana .
bionico is a food found in mexico , where enrique pena nieto is the leader .
bionico , which contains granola , is a food found in guadalajara .
bionico and cake are both desserts .
bakso is a dish from indonesia , where joko widodo is the leader .
batagor and shumai are variations of the same dish and one of the ingredients is shiitake .
aarhus lufthavn a / s is the operation organisation of aarhus airport which has a runway length of 2777 . 0 .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located at 610 metres above sea level in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located at madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas and has a runway length of 3500 . 0 .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh , awadh .
the al asad airbase is located in al anbar province , iraq and has a runway length of 3090 . 0 .
al asad airbase is located in iraq , where the language is arabic .
the united states air force , which fought in the invasion of grenada , is the operating organisation for al asad airbase .
the surface of the 1st runway at alderney airport is poaceae which is in the class monocotyledon .
alderney airport has a runway length of 877 . 0 and its 1st runway is made of asphalt .
anwar zaheer jamali is the leader of pakistan where allama iqbal international airport is located .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan and has a runway length of 2900 . 0 .
amsterdam airport schiphol is - 3 . 3528 from sea level and the 1st runway is 3800 in length .
amsterdam airport schiphol is - 3 . 3528 above sea level and the 1st runway is made of asphalt .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam and has a runway length of 2014 . 0 .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam and has a runway length of 3300 . 0 .
andrews county airport is located in texas , where the largest city is houston .
angola international airport serves the city of luanda and has a runway length of 3800 . 0 .
ardmore airport in new zealand has a runway length of 597 . 0 and the 3rd runway is made of poaceae .
ashgabat international airport is 211 metres above sea level and the 1st runway is 12467 feet long .
ashgabat international airport is operated by turkmenistan airlines , whose headquarters are in turkmenistan .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states .
the port authority of new york and new jersey is the operating organisation of atlantic city international airport which has the runway name 4 / 22 .
the port authority of new york and new jersey is the operating organisation of atlantic city international airport which has a runway length of 3048 . 0 .
afonso pena international airport is operated by infraero , brasilia .
1 fc magdeburg has 27250 members and played in the regionalliga in 2014 - 15 .
verona , italy is the home to a . c . chievo verona who have 39371 members .
italian born rolando maran is the manager of a . c . chievo verona .
jorge humberto rodriguez , manager of a . d . isidro metapan , plays for fc dallas .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and played in the 2014 - 15 a epsth , greece .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who plays for blackburn rovers f . c .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who plays for irlam town f . c .
afc fylde has 3180 members and their ground is in lancashire .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in gubbio and they have 5300 members .
a . s . livorno calcio ' s ground is in livorno and they play in the serie b league .
a . s . livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who plays for a . s . roma .
paulo sousa , manager of acf fiorentina , plays for juventus f . c .
the fullname of acf fiorentina is acf fiorentina s . p . a . and they have 47290 members .
aek athens f . c . has 69618 members and their ground is in greece .
the olympic stadium ( athens ) is the home ground of aek athens fc who play in the superleague of greece .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is sportpark de toekomst , tenanted by jong ajax .
azal pfk ' s ground is the azal arena and is located in shuvalan , baku , azerbaijan .
akron summit assault , with 3000 members , played in the 2011 pdl season .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in gubbio , which is in the region of umbria .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where pietro grasso is the leader .
luciano spalletti , manager of a . s . roma , plays for empoli f . c .
eric flint wrote 1634 : the bavarian crisis which was preceded by the grantville gazettes .
1634 : the ram rebellion , written by virginia demarce , is available as an e book .
aip advances , abbreviated to aip adv . , has the eissn number 2158 .
a fortress of grey ice was written by j . v . jones and was published in print .
a fortress of grey ice has 672 pages and the isbn number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
a glastonbury romance was written by john cowper powys and was followed by weymouth sands .
a long long way was published in print & paperback and has the oclc number 57392246 .
a long long way has 292 pages and the isbn number 0 - 670 - 03380 - 4 .
a long long way was published by viking press , whose parent company is penguin random house .
a loyal character dancer was written by qiu xiaolong and is available in print form .
the isbn number of a severed wasp is 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 and the oclc number is 8805735 .
a severed wasp , available in hardcover , has the oclc number 8805735 .
a severed wasp is written in english , the language spoken in great britain .
a severed wasp was published in print and has the isbn number 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
the publisher of abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universitat hamburg is springer science and business media , founded by julius springer .
the book alcatraz versus the evil librarians , which is in the genre of fantasy literature , has the isbn number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
the isbn number of alcatraz versus the evil librarians is 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 and the oclc number is 78771100 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians was followed by alcatraz versus the scrivener ' s bones which was written by brandon sanderson .
the american journal of mathematics , abbreviated to am . j . math , is the academic discipline of math .
the american journal of mathematics was published by johns hopkins university press , whose parent company is johns hopkins university .
1634 the ram rebellion comes from the united states , where the capital is washington d . c .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states , where the capital is washington d . c .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
a wizard of mars was published in the united states where african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
a wizard of mars was published in the united states where asian americans is one of the ethnic groups .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university , nicknamed uab , is located in the state of alba .
the acharya institute of technology is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum .
the acharya institute of technology is located in bangalore and its president is b . m . reddy .
the acharya institute of technology was given the ' technical campus ' status by the all india council for technical education which is located in mumbai .
the awh engineering college is located in the state of kerala , where the leader is kochi .
the creator of april o ' neil is peter laird , who is from the united states .
bananaman , starring jill shilling , was broadcast by the bbc .
bananaman , starring graeme garden , was broadcast by stv .
tim brooke - taylor , born in derbyshire , starred in bananaman .
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 , starring alan tudyk .
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 , starring scott adsit .
baymax , created by steven t . seagle , is a character in big hero 6 .
the comic book character ben urich , whose full name is benjamin urich , was created by the comic book writer roger mckenzie .
bibbo bibbowski was created by marv wolfman and jerry ordway .
bo bibbowski , also known as bibbo bibbowski , was created by marv wolfman .
alan bean , born on 1932 - 03 - 15 , is retired .
alan shepard , who was a test pilot , is deceased .
buzz aldrin was born on 20th january 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey , which is part of essex county , new jersey .
william anders , born in british hong kong , was a crew member of apollo 8 .
william anders , who graduated from afit in 1962 with a m . s . , is retired .
108 st . georges terrace , completed in 1988 , has 50 floors .
200 public square has 45 floors and is located in the united states .
20 fenchurch street has 34 floors and a floor area of 62145 . 3 square metres .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago and has 60 floors .
the architect of 320 south boston building is george winkler , who is from the united states .
hok sve was the architect of the 3arena , which is located at east link bridge .
the 3arena , designed by the company populous , is located in dublin .
marriott international is the tenant of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen .
the architect of adare manor , completed in 1862 , was george richard pain .
adare manor is located in adare , county limerick .
addis ababa city hall is located in addis ababa , ethiopia .
adisham hall , with the tudor revival style of architecture , is located in haputale , sri lanka .
adisham hall , with the tudor revival style of architecture , is located in sri lanka .
the brazilians are an ethnic group in japan where the akita museum of art is located .
the akita museum of art is located at 1 - 4 - 2 nakadori and has 3 floors .
amdavad ni gufa is located at lalbhai dalpatbhai campus , near cept university , opp . gujarat university , university road , gujarat .
ampara hospital is located in the eastern province of sri lanka , where austin fernando is the leader .
the asser levy public baths are located in new york city , united states .
the asser levy public baths are located in new york city , which is part of brooklyn .
adare manor is located in county limerick , munster .
3arena is located in dublin , republic of ireland .
alan bean , born in wheeler , texas , is a us national who is retired .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey and is a us national where joe biden is a leader .
buzz aldrin was born in the united states and graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a sc . d . he was selected by nasa in 1963 .
elliot see was born in dallas and attended the university of texas at austin .
elliot see was a student at the university of texas at austin and was selected by nasa in 1962 . he died in st . louis .
elliot see attended the university of texas at austin and died in st . louis where francis g . slay is the leader .
elliot see died on february 28 , 1966 in st . louis , france .
alan shepard , born in new hampshire , spent 13017 . 0 minutes in space . the purple finch is a bird from new hampshire .
1634 : the bavarian crisis , written by virginia demarce and eric flint , is available in print form and has 448 pages .
1634 : the ram rebellion was written in english , the language spoken in great britain . it was preceded by 1634 : the galileo affair .
alexander l . wolf is the leader of the association for computing machinery which is based in new york city and published acm transactions on information systems .
the aids journal , with issn number 0269 - 9370 , is the academic discipline of hiv / aids .
the aids journal , with issn number 1473 - 5571 , is the academic discipline of hiv / aids .
aip advances was edited by a . t . charlie johnson who lives in the united states and stanford university is his alma mater .
the isbn number of a fortress of grey ice is 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 and the oclc number is 51969173 . it was written by j . v . jones .
the author of a loyal character dancer is qiu xiaolong and the isbn number is 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 . the oclc number is 49805501 .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states and is written in english .
a severed wasp is written in english , the language spoken in great britain . however , it originates from the united states .
a severed wasp is available in hardcover and has 388 pages and the oclc number 8805735 .
the issn number of abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universitat hamburg is 1865 - 8784 and the lccn number is 32024459 . the abbreviation of abh . math . semin . univ . hambg .
aenir was written in english and was followed by above the veil which was written by australians .
aenir was written in english by garth nix and was followed by above the veil .
above the veil , written by garth nix , is available in hardcover and has 248 pages .
acta palaeontologica polonica , abbreviated to acta palaeontol . pol . , has the issn number 0567 - 7920 and the lccn number 60040714 .
the addiction journal , abbreviated to addiction , has the issn number 1360 - 0443 and comes under the academic discipline of addiction .
john wiley & sons is the parent company of wiley - blackwell who publish the addiction journal which has the issn number 0965 - 2140 .
cornell university , new york , is affiliated with the association of american universities and publishes administrative science quarterly .
aenir , written in english , was followed by above the veil . the author of aenir is garth nix .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in english , the language spoken in great britain . the book comes from the united states .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is published in hardcover and has 320 pages . the oclc number is 78771100 .
the book alcatraz versus the evil librarians comes from the united states where the language is english , as spoken in great britain .
john cowper powys , born in shirley , derbyshire , died in blaenau ffestiniog , wrote a glastonbury romance .
the administrative science quarterly , issn number 0001 - 8392 , is published by sage publications , founded by sara miller mccune .
a severed wasp is from the united states , where the capital is washington d . c . and native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
a wizard of mars was published in the united states , where african americans are one of the ethnic groups and is written in english .
a wizard of mars was published in the united states , where the capital is washington d . c . and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
a wizard of mars was published in the united states , where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
1634 the ram rebellion comes from the united states , where the african americans are an ethnic group and the leader is the president .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states , where the leader is the president and native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
jens härtel has been the manager of 1 fc magdeburg and is in the 1 . fc lokomotive leipzig club . he is also in the sv germania schoneiche club .
massimo drago has been the manager of a c cesena and plays for both a . s . d . licita 1931 and a . s . d . s . s . nola 1925 .
associazione calcio lumezzane spa , or a . c . lumezzane , has 4150 members and play in the lega pro / a league .
jorge humberto rodriguez is the manager of a . d . isidro metapan and plays for the alianza f . c . club and the el salvador national football team .
the chairman of a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis is antonis milionis and they have 1500 members . their ground is located in the town of efxeinoupoli .
the full name of a . f . c . blackpool is " association football club blackpool " and they have 1500 members . their ground is located in blackpool .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who has played for chesterfield fc and runcorn fc halton .
dave challinor , who played for stockport county f . c . and colwyn bay f . c . , is the manager of a . f . c . fylde .
the fullname of a . s . livorno calcio is livorno calcio s . p . a . and they have 19238 members . their ground is in livorno , italy .
a . s . livorno calcio play in the serie b league , where carpi fc 1909 are the champions . the manager of a . s . livorno calcio is christian panucci .
christian panucci , who has played for chelsea fc and real madrid cf , is the manager of a . s . livorno calcio .
aek athens f . c . play in the superleague of greece , where the current champions are olympiacos f . c . their ground is located in greece .
gus poyet , who has been manager of aek athens fc , is in the real zaragoza club and has played for chelsea fc .
amsterdam - centrum is part of amsterdam where eberhard van der laan is the leader and where afc ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is located .
amsterdam - noord is part of amsterdam where eberhard van der laan is the leader and where afc ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is located .
john van den brom is the manager of az alkmaar and plays for jong ajax and istanbulspor a . s .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league in brazil , their ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca .
luciano spalletti , who has been manager of as roma , plays for udinese calcio and empoli f . c .
massimo drago has been the manager of a c cesena and plays for both s . s . chieti calcio and a . s . d . licita 1931 .
massimo drago has been the manager of a c cesena and plays for u . s castrovillari calcio . he is also in the a . s . d . s . s . nola 1925 club .
massimo drago has been the manager of a c cesena and plays for u . s castrovillari calcio and s . s . chieti calcio .
103 colmore row is located on colmore row and was designed by the architect john madin , born in birmingham .
200 public square is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio , where frank g jackson is the leader .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states , has a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres and a floor count of 12 .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago , dupage county , illinois , where the leader is rahm emanuel .
the architect of 320 south boston building , which has 22 floors , is george winkler , who is from the united states .
hok sve was the architect of the 3arena , completed in december 2008 , which is located at north wall quay .
marriott international is the tenant of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen which has 23 floors and is located in denmark .
the tenant of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen , designed by the architects of the 3xn firm , is the marriott international hotel . the hotel has 23 floors .
augustus pugin , born in bloomsbury , designed the significant building of the palace of westminster and the adare manor .
philip charles hardwick was the architect of adare manor , completed in 1862 and owned by jp mcmanus .
adisham hall , completed in 1931 , is located in haputale and has the architectural style of tudor and jacabian .
adisham hall , completed in 1931 , is located in sri lanka and has the architectural style of tudor and jacabian .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka , where the leader is ranil wickremesinghe .
adisham hall is located in sri lanka , where the capital is sri jayawardenepura kotte and the currency is the sri lankan rupee .
the mason school of business is located in the united states and is the current tenant of alan b . miller hall which was started on 30 march 2007 .
julia morgan , born in san francisco , designed the significant building of the riverside art museum and the asilomar conference grounds .
julia morgan , born in california , designed significant buildings in chinatown , san francisco , including the asilomar conference grounds .
asilomar conference grounds is located on asilomar blvd , pacific grove , california and was added to the national register of historic places on 27 february 1987 with the reference number 87000823 .
the asser levy public baths , constructed in 1904 , is located in avenue a , manhattan and was added to the national register of historic places on 23rd april 1980 .
the asser levy public baths , constructed in 1904 , are located in new york city and were added to the national register of historic places on 23rd april 1980 .
the leader of birmingham is the conservative party ( uk ) and the architect of 103 colmore row was john madin who was born in the city .
john madin , born in birmingham , designed 103 colmore row . the liberal democrats are the leaders of birmingham .
addis ababa city hall is located in addis ababa , ethiopia , where the leader is hailemariam desalegn .
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad , gujarat , where the leader is anandiben patel .
bill marriott is a key leader at marriott international which is located in bethesda , maryland and is the tenant of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen .
albany , georgia is part of dougherty county , georgia , united states , where asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
albuquerque , new mexico has a population density of 1142 . 3 inhabitants per square kilometre and is led by the new mexico senate . the total area of albuquerque is 490 . 9 square kilometres .
alpharetta , georgia is part of fulton county , georgia in the united states where african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
alpharetta , georgia is part of the u . s . state of georgia and is home to the ethnic group of asian americans .
alpharetta , georgia is in the united states , where the capital is washington d . c . and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
anaheim , california has a utc offset of - 7 and area codes 657 and 714 . it has a total area of 131 . 6 square kilometres .
anaheim , california is part of california and the leader of california is the california state senate which is located in the california state capitol .
anderson , indiana is part of lafayette township , madison county , indiana , united states .
angola , indiana is part of the pleasant township , steuben county , indiana , united states , where one of the ethnic groups is asian americans .
antioch , california is part of contra costa county , california , which is part of the san francisco bay area . the leader of antioch , california is the united states house of representatives .
arlington , texas is part of tarrant county , texas , in the united states , where the county seat is fort worth .
the capital of the united states is washington d . c . and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups there . atlanta is a city in the u . s .
atlanta has a population density of 1299 . 0 inhabitants per square kilometre and a total area of 347 . 1 square kilometres . the area code is 404 .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey , united states , where the largest city is newark .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of atlantic county , new jersey , united states , where the largest city is new york city .
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama , in the united states .
auburn , washington is part of the state of washington in the united states , where the capital city is washington dc .
auburn , washington is part of the state of washington , united states , where the capital is olympia .
albany is part of dougherty county , georgia , u . s . a . the capital of georgia is atlanta .
anderson is the largest city in madison county , indiana , united states , where alexandria is located .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey , united states , where the capital is trenton .
arlington , texas is part of texas where the largest city is houston and the language is english .
attica , indiana is part of fountain county , indiana in the united states , where the capital is washington d . c .
attica , indiana is part of fountain county , indiana , in the united states , where the capital is washington d . c .
akron , ohio is in the united states , where the capital is washington d . c . and the language is english .
akron , ohio is part of summit county , ohio in the united states where asian americans is one of the ethnic groups .
albany , oregon is part of benton county , oregon , united states , where asian americans is one of the ethnic groups .
albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states , where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
albany , georgia is in the united states where the language is english and one of the ethnic groups is african american .
angola , indiana is in the united states where the language is english and one of the ethnic groups is asian americans .
aarhus lufthavn a / s is the operation organisation of aarhus airport which has a runway length of 2776 . 0 and a runway name of 10r / 28l .
adirondack regional airport serves lake placid , new york and saranac lake , new york . the runway length is 2003 . 0 .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located at paracuellos de jarama , part of the community of madrid in spain .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh and is operated by the indian air force . the icao i . d . of the airport is viag .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase in iraq which has a runway length of 3992 . 88 .
the united states air force , which bombed libya in 1986 , is the operating organisation for al asad airbase . the mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle is an aircraft fighter in the usaf .
the united states air force , which fought in the invasion of grenada , is the operating organisation for al asad airbase . the mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle is an aircraft fighter in the usaf .
alderney is served by alderney airport which has a runway length of 877 . 0 and the 1st runway is made of poaceae .
the pakistan civil aviation authority , headquartered at the jinnah international airport , is the operating organisation of the allama iqbal international airport in pakistan .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan and has a runway length of 2900 . 0 metres . the runway name is 18l / 36r .
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan , united states and is 210 metres above sea level .
andrews county airport is located in texas and is 973 . 0 below sea level . the runway length is 1773 . 0 .
andrews county airport is located in texas and is 973 . 0 below sea level . the runway length is 896 . 0 .
andrews county airport is located in texas , where the capital is austin and the language is english .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states , where the people are known as tejano .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium where the german language is spoken .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , atlantic county , new jersey , united states .
the four world trade center is the headquarters of the port authority of new york and new jersey who serve the region of new jersey and operate atlantic city international airport .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states and has a runway length of 3048 . 0 .
anwar zaheer jamali is the leader of pakistan where allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , part of the community of madrid , where the leader party is ahora madrid .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , spain , where the leader party is ahora madrid .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in san sebastian de los reyes , spain , where the leader party is the people ' s party .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania , united states , and carroll county , maryland is southeast of adams county , pennsylvania .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in gettysburg , adams county , pennsylvania , which is southeast of carroll county , maryland .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan , where the capital is baku . the native name of the memorial is turk sehitleri aniti .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan , where the leader is artur rasizade and the legislature is the national assembly .
the ataturk monument is located in turkey , where the leader is ahmet davutoglu and the capital city is ankara .
guanciale is an ingredient of amatriciana sauce which comes from the lazio region of italy .
arem - arem is a javanese dish that contains compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings .
tomato belongs to the family of solanaceae and is a flowering plant . it is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce .
arrabbiata sauce , which contains olive oil , is a traditional italian sauce from the region of rome .
arrabbiata sauce , which contains tomato , is a traditional italian sauce from the region of rome .
the main ingredients of asam pedas are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce . the dish comes from the malay peninsula in malaysia .
arifin zakaria is the leader of malaysia , where the capital is kuala lumpur and the dish asam pedas can be found .
ayam penyet is a dish from malaysia and indonesia . malaysia includes the malaysian chinese .
the blt is a variation of the bacon sandwich and contains lettuce . the bacon sandwich is a variation of the club sandwich .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where barack obama is the leader and white americans are one of the ethnic groups .
bacon explosion comes from the united states , where john roberts is a leader and the capital city is washington d . c .
bread is an ingredient of a bacon sandwich , which is a variation of the blt , which is a variation of a club sandwich .
baked alaska , which contains sponge cake , is popular in france and new york .
baked alaska is a dish from france , where the currency is the euro and the leader is manuel valls .
christmas pudding is an ingredient of baked alaska which comes from the new york region of the united states .
baked alaska is a dessert that contains sponge cake . cookies are also desserts .
bakewell pudding is a dessert from the derbyshire dales region and the main ingredients are ground almond , jam , butter and eggs .
bakewell pudding , also known as bakewell tart , is a dish from the derbyshire dales region . the main ingredients are ground almond , jam , butter and eggs .
beef is an ingredient of bakso which comes from indonesia .
bandeja paisa is a columbian dish from the paisa region and one of the ingredients is avocado .
bandeja paisa is a typical columbian cuisine from the paisa region and one of the ingredients is hogao .
barny cakes can be found in france where the leaders are claude bartolone and manuel valls .
the main ingredients of batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef . the dish comes from the philippines .
batchoy is a dish from the philippines and the main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
beef kway teow is a dish of singapore and indonesia and is led by tony tan .
sesame oil is an ingredient of beef kway teow which is popular in indonesia and singapore .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore and indonesia and contains oyster sauce .
bhajji originates from india , where the currency is the indian rupee and the leader is sumitra mahajan .
binignit is a dessert that contains banana . cookies are also desserts .
sago is an ingredient of binignit , a dessert . cookies are also desserts .
taro is an ingredient of binignit , a dessert . cookies are also desserts .
the main ingredients of binignit are sweet potato ( of the order solanales ) and banana .
bionico is a dessert that contains granola and is found in mexico .
bionico is a food found in mexico and guadalajara and contains raisins .
bionico is a food found in mexico , where the currency is the mexican peso and the leader is silvano aureoles conejo .
amatriciana sauce can be found in italy , where the capital is rome and the leader is pietro grasso .
the igorot people are an ethnic group in the philippines where arabic is one of the languages spoken and batchoy is a traditional dish .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore where tony tan is the leader and the english language is spoken .
tomato is a member of the solanaceae family and the solanales order . it is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce .
the awh engineering college in kerala , india has a staff size of 250 .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore has 700 post graduate students and is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university .
the awh engineering college is located in the state of kerala which is southwest of mahe , india and is lead by kochi .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania , a country where the ethnic group is the germans of romania and the national anthem is deșteaptă - te , române !
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania , a country where the ethnic group is the germans of romania and the leader is klaus iohannis .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 .
the comic character asterix was created by albert uderzo and the frenchman rene goscinny .
tim brooke - taylor starred in bananaman , broadcast by the bbc and last aired on 15th april 1986 .
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 , distributed by walt disney studios motion pictures and starring scott adsit .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 , distributed by walt disney studios motion pictures and starring scott adsit .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 , distributed by walt disney studios motion pictures , which stars ryan potter .
the comic character blockbuster , also known as mark desmond , was created by carmine infantino and gardner fox .
the comic character bolt , whose alternative name is larry bolatinsky , was created by dan mishkin and gary cohn .
the comic character bolt , whose alternative name is larry bolatinsky , was created by ernie colon and gary cohn .
103 colmore row , birmingham , was started in 1973 and completed in 1976 . it has 23 floors .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa , where cape town is the capital , and where asian south africans and the coloured are ethnic groups .
200 public square is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio , united states , where the governing body is cleveland city council .
250 delaware avenue is located in buffalo , new york , has a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres , a floor count of 12 and cost 110 million dollars .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago , cook county , illinois , united states , where the leader is rahm emanuel .
300 north lasalle , illinois , with 60 floors and a floor area of 120770 . 0 square metres , was completed in 2009 .
3arena is located in dublin , leinster , republic of ireland and is owned by live nation entertainment .
the tenant of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen , designed by the architects of the 3xn firm , is the marriott international hotel . the hotel has 23 floors and is located in copenhagen .
adare manor is located in adare , county limerick , munster , which is governed by the limerick city and county council .
the brazilians are an ethnic group in japan , where the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita prefecture .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , akita prefecture , japan , where the filipinos are one of the ethnic groups .
the vietnamese people are an ethnic group in japan , where the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita prefecture .
the brazilians are an ethnic group in japan , where the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita prefecture .
the college of william and mary is the owner of alan b . miller hall , 101 ukrop way , williamsburg , virginia , which was completed on 1 june 2009 .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india , where narendra modi and sumitra mahajan are leaders .
the asilomar conference grounds , constructed in 1913 , is located in pacific grove , california . it was added to the national register of historic places on 27 february 1987 with the reference number 87000823 .
the asser levy public baths , constructed in 1904 , are located in avenue a , manhattan . they were added to the national register of historic places on 23rd april 1980 with the reference number 80002709 .
the asser levy public baths are located in new york city , manhattan , which is lead by cyrus vance jr . and brooklyn .
the asser levy public baths are located in new york city , manhattan , united states , where the leader is gale brewer .
andrew mitchell is the leader of birmingham , which has the postcode area ' b ' . the city is the birthplace of the architect john madin , who designed 103 colmore row .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin , who was born in birmingham , which has the postcode area ' b ' and is lead by the labour party .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india , where the leader is anandiben patel . sumitra mahajan is a leader in india .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india , where the leaders are t . s . thakur and narendra modi .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita prefecture , japan , where the brazilians are one of the ethnic groups .
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom , which has the capital city of london and is lead by the parliament of the united kingdom . the country is the location of 20 fenchurch street .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states , where the leader is president joe biden and the language is english .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in pennsylvania , united states and was established in 2000 . it is categorised as a contributing property .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan , where the capital is baku , the leader is artur rasizade and the leader is the prime minister of azerbaijan .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the native name of the memorial is turk sehitleri aniti and is located in azerbaijan , the capital of which is baku .
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in the monocacy national battlefield in frederick , maryland and was established on 11th july 1907 .
the ataturk monument is made of bronze and is located in turkey , where the leader is ahmet davutoglu and the capital city is ankara .
the ataturk monument in turkey was designed by pietro canonica and inaugurated on 27 july 1932 . the turkish leader is the president of turkey .
albany , georgia is part of the u . s . state of georgia . the language of the u . s . is english and one of the ethnic groups are the native americans .
albuquerque , new mexico has a population density of 1142 . 3 inhabitants per square kilometre and a total area of 490 . 9 square kilometres . the area codes for albuquerque are 505 and 575 .
alpharetta , georgia is part of fulton county , georgia , united states . the county seat of fulton county is atlanta .
amarillo , texas is part of potter county , texas , united states , where the capital is washington d . c . and african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
amarillo , texas is part of potter county , texas , in the united states , where the capital is austin .
anaheim , california is part of california , where spanish is the language spoken . the leader of anaheim , california is the california state assembly , which is located in the california state capitol .
anderson , indiana is part of adams , fall creek , lafayette , richland , union and has a population density of 523 . 9 inhabitants per square kilometre . it is 268 metres above sea level and has a total area of 107 . 43 square kilometres .
angola , indiana is part of the pleasant township , steuben county , indiana , united states and has a total area of 16 . 55 square kilometres .
antioch , california has a population of 102372 , a utc offset of - 7 , an area code of 925 and a total area of 75 . 324 square kilometres .
the population density of atlantic city , new jersey is 1421 . 2 inhabitants per square kilometre . the area code is 609 and the total area is 44 . 125 square kilometres . the leader of atlantic city , new jersey is the mayor .
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama , in the united states , where one of the ethnic groups is asian americans .
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama , in the united states , where african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
auburn , washington is part of pierce county , washington , in the united states , where the capital is washington d . c . auburn is part of king county , washington .
auburn , washington is part of king county , washington , in the united states , where the capital city is washington dc .
austin , texas is part of hays county , texas , which has the county seat of san marcos . the largest city in texas is houston .
anaheim , california is part of california , where the chinese language is spoken . the leader of anaheim , california is the california state assembly , which is located in the california state capitol .
alpharetta , georgia is part of fulton county , georgia , united states . the county seat of fulton county is atlanta .
anderson , indiana is part of lafayette township , madison county , indiana , united states . the capital of indiana is indianapolis .
arlington , texas is part of texas , united states , where the largest city is houston and the language is english .
albany , oregon is part of benton county , oregon , united states . the capital of the us is washington d . c . and one of the ethnic groups is african american .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey , united states , where the capital is washington d . c . and the largest city is new york city .
albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states , where the african americans are one of the ethnic groups and the leader is president barack obama .
the leader of albuquerque , new mexico , in the united states , is the new mexico senate , which is lead by john sanchez . asian americans is one of the ethnic groups in the united states .
albany , oregon is part of benton county , oregon , united states . the capital of the us is washington dc and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups there .
the leader of the united states is barack obama and the native americans are one of the ethnic groups there . the leader of albuquerque , new mexico is the mayor of albuquerque .
albany , georgia is part of the united states , where the language is english and the native americans are an ethnic group .
angola , indiana is part of indiana in the united states where the language is english and one of the ethnic groups is asian americans .
angola , indiana is part of the pleasant township , steuben county , indiana , united states . the language of the united states is english and one of the ethnic groups are the asian americans .
jens härtel has been the manager of 1 fc magdeburg and is in the fsv zwickau club . he is also a member of the sv babelsberg 03 club and plays for 1 . fc union berlin .
italian born rolando maran is the manager of a . c . chievo verona . he has also played for fc bari 1908 and carrarese calcio .
michele marcolini , born in italy , plays for torino f . c . and a . c . chievo verona . he is the manager of a . c . lumezzane .
the a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis club has 1500 members , its chairman is antonis milionis and its ground is located in the town of efxeinoupoli . the club plays in the a epsth 2nd group .
the leader of blackpool is the conservative party ( uk ) and the town is the location of the ground of afc blackpool who have had as their manager , stuart parker , who played for stockport county fc .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who played for stockport county f . c . the club ' s ground is in blackpool where gordon marsden is the leader .
the full name of a . f . c . fylde is " association football club fylde " . they have 3180 members , their ground is in warton , fylde , lancashire and they played in the 2014 season .
the full name of a . f . c . fylde is " association football club fylde " and they have 3180 members . they played in the 2014 season and their ground is bryning lane .
paulo sousa is the manager of acf fiorentina and plays for juventus f . c . he is also in the maccabi tel aviv f . c . club and inter milan .
aek athens f . c . has 69618 members , their ground is in greece , they play in the superleague of greece and competed in the 2014 season .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is sportpark de toekomst , which is owned by afc ajax n . v . and operated by afc ajax . the tenant of the ground is jong ajax .
the full name of afc ajax ( amateurs ) is " amsterdamsche football club ajax amateurs " . they have 5000 members and played in the 2014 season . their nickname is joden godenzonen .
john van den brom plays for vitesse arnhem , afc ajax and the netherlands national football team . he is the manager of az alkmaar .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense play at the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca in alagoas . they play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league , the champions of which are vila nova futebol clube .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league in brazil . their ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca which is located in alagoas .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league in brazil . their ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca which is located in arapiraca .
st vincent - st mary high school is located in akron , ohio , summit county , ohio , united states and is the ground of akron summit assault .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where the capital is rome and the leaders are pietro grasso and sergio mattarella .
peter stöger is the manager of 1 . fc koln and plays for sk vorwärts steyr . he is also in the fk austria wien club and plays for fc admira wacker mödling .
abilene regional airport serves abilene , texas and is 546 metres above sea level . the runway name is 17l / 35r and it is 2194 . 0 in length .
adirondack regional airport serves lake placid and saranac lake , new york . it is 507 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2003 . 0 .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located at madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas . it is operated by enaire and has a runway length of 3500 . 0 metres . the runway name is 18l / 36r .
agra airport is located in india and operated by the indian air force . the iata i . d . of the airport is agr and the icao i . d . is viag .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase in iraq . the runway name is 08 / 26 and it is 3990 . 0 in length .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase which is located in al anbar province , iraq . the runway name is 09r / 27l and it is 3990 . 0 in length .
the united states air force , which was involved in the invasion of grenada , is the operating organisation for al asad airbase . the lockheed ac - 130 can be found on usaf aircraft carriers , and the mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle is a fighter aircraft .
the pakistan civil aviation authority governs the allama iqbal international airport which serves the city of lahore and has a runway length of 2900 . 0 .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam and is 3 . 3528 below sea level . the runway name is 09 / 27 buitenvelderbaan and it is 2014 long .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam and is - 3 . 3528 from sea level . the runway name is 18l / 36r aalsmeerbaan and it is 2014 in length .
andrews county airport is located in texas and serves andrews , texas . it is 973 . 0 below sea level and has a runway length of 929 . 0 .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states , where the people are known as tejano and the capital city is austin .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states , where the capital is austin and the language is english .
angola international airport is located in ícolo e bengo , luanda province , angola and serves the city of luanda .
antwerp international airport is owned by the flemish region and operated by the flemish government . it is 12 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 600 . 0 .
ashgabat international airport is operated by turkmenistan airlines , whose headquarters are in ashgabat , turkmenistan . the hub airport for turkmenistan airlines is turkmenbashi international airport .
athens international airport is located in spata and serves the city of athens . it is 94 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3800 . 0 .
atlantic city international airport serves the city of atlantic city , new jersey , united states . the leader of atlantic city , new jersey is don guardian .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states and is owned by the south jersey transportation authority , which is lead by stephen dilts .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium , where the german language is spoken and the leader is charles michel .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium , where the french language is spoken and the leader is philippe of belgium .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of saranac lake , new york , which is part of harrietstown , essex county , new york , united states .
the al taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq , where the kurdish languages are spoken and the leader is fuad masum .
the al taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq , where the kurdish languages are spoken and the leader is haider al - abadi .
malik muhammad rafique rajwana is the leader of punjab , pakistan , where allama iqbal international airport is located and serves the city of lahore .
the surface of the 1st runway at alderney airport is poaceae which is a member of the order of commelinids and belongs to the class monocotyledon .
the bbc , which is located in broadcasting house , london , is the key organisation for the bbc . the bbc produces bbc radio and broadcast bananaman . rona fairhead is a key leader at the bbc .
bananaman was created by steve bright and starred jill shilling . it first aired on 3rd october 1983 and was broadcast by stv .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 , which stars ryan potter . the creator of baymax is duncan rouleau , who is american .
the comic character bolt , also known as larry bolatinsky , was created by gary cohn and ernie colon , a puerto rican national .
eric flint , born in burbank , california , wrote 1634 : the bavarian crisis . the bavarian crisis was preceded by grantville gazettes iii and demarce short stories in the grantville gazettes .
1634 : the ram rebellion was written by eric flint , virginia demarce , et al . and has 512 pages . it was published in e book format and has the isbn number 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
the aids journal is published by lippincott , williams & wilkins , whose parent company is wolters kluwer . the aids journal is published in the united kingdom , where elizabeth ii is the leader .
a fortress of grey ice was published in hardback and written by j . v . jones . it has the isbn number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 and the oclc number 51969173 .
a loyal character dancer was written by qiu xiaolong and published in hardback . it has the isbn number 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 and the oclc number 49805501 .
a loyal character dancer is published in the united states in english , the language spoken in great britain . native americans are one of the ethnic groups of the united states .
a loyal character dancer was published by soho press in the united states , where english is the language and asian americans is one of the ethnic groups .
a wizard of mars was written by diane duane and published in hardback . it has 560 pages and the isbn number 978 - 0 - 15 - 204770 - 2 .
acta mathematica hungarica , abbreviated to acta math . hungar , is concerned with the academic discipline of mathematics . it has the lccn number 83646315 and the issn number 0236 - 5294 .
acta palaeontologica polonica , abbreviated to acta palaeontol . pol . , is academically focused on paleobiology . it has the lccn number 60040714 and the issn number 0567 - 7920 .
acta palaeontologica polonica , abbreviated to acta palaeontol . pol . , was published by the polish academy of sciences . it has the issn number 1732 - 2421 and lccn number 60040714 .
cornell university , new york , is affiliated with the association of american universities and the association of public and land grant universities . it publishes the administrative science quarterly .
cornell university , ithaca , new york , is affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities and publishes the administrative science quarterly .
aenir , written by garth nix , is available in paperback and has 233 pages . the isbn number is 0 - 439 - 17684 - 0 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in english , the language spoken in great britain . however , it comes from the united states where african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
the american journal of mathematics was published by johns hopkins university press in the united states in 1878 . johns hopkins university is the parent company of johns hopkins university press .
the book alcatraz versus the evil librarians comes from the united states where english is spoken and one of the ethnic groups is asian americans . english is also spoken in great britain .
a wizard of mars was published in the united states , where barack obama is the leader , and is written in english , which is the language spoken in great britain .
a wizard of mars was published in english in the united states , where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
a wizard of mars was published in the united states , where the leader is barack obama and the language is english , as spoken in great britain .
a severed wasp is from the united states where barack obama is the leader , english is the language and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
alan bean was born in wheeler , texas and was selected by nasa in 1963 . he spent 100305 . 0 minutes in space .
alan shepard was a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 14 . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the us navy , which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal .
william anders was born in british hong kong , where chris patten is a representative . he was a crew member of apollo 8 , along with frank borman .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey and graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 . he was a crew member on apollo 11 and is retired .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey and was a fighter pilot before being selected by nasa in 1963 . he was a crew member on apollo 11 .
edwin eugene aldrin jr , more commonly known as buzz aldrin , was born on 20th january 1969 and was a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 11 . he won 20 awards during his career .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the us navy , which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal .
alan shepard , who was awarded the distinguished service medal by the us navy , died in california , where dianne feinstein is a senator . the distinguished service medal is a medal that is higher than the department of commerce gold medal .
elliot see was born in dallas , united states and attended the university of texas at austin . he died in st . louis .
william anders was a fighter pilot who was selected by nasa in 1963 to be a member of the apollo 8 crew .
the awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , india was established in 2001 . the ganges is a river in india .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , india . it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , india is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university and its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar .
the acharya institute of technology was given the ' technical campus ' status by the all india council for technical education , which is located in mumbai . the acharya institute of technology offers tennis as a sport , which is governed by the international tennis federation .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , alba county , romania , where the capital is bucharest .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in aarhus , denmark , which has a magistrate government . denmark ' s leader is lars løkke rasmussen .
the awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , kerala has a staff size of 250 . the leader of kerala is kochi .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania , a country which has bucharest as its capital , the ethnic group of germans of romania and the national anthem is deșteaptă - te , române !
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , romania , a country led by klaus iohannis and whose capital is bucharest .
amatriciana sauce is a traditional italian sauce from the lazio region . it contains tomatoes , guanciale , cheese , olive oil and tomatoes .
arrabbiata sauce can be found in italy , where the capital is rome and the leaders are pietro grasso and sergio mattarella .
arros negre is a traditional dish from the catalonia region of spain . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink , cubanelle peppers .
arros negre is a traditional dish from the catalonia region of spain . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink , cubanelle peppers .
arros negre is a traditional dish from the catalonia region of spain , where the leader is the parliament of catalonia . spaniards are the name given to the people of spain .
asam pedas is a dish from sumatra , malaysia . the batak are an ethnic group from sumatra and the malaysian malay are an ethnic group from malaysia .
asam pedas is a dish from sumatra , malaysia . the malays and the minangkabau people are ethnic groups from sumatra .
bacon explosion comes from the united states , where barack obama is the leader , asian americans are one of the ethnic groups and the capital city is washington d . c .
the bacon explosion comes from the united states , where john roberts is a leader , asian americans are one of the ethnic groups and the capital city is washington d . c .
the bacon sandwich , which contains ketchup , is popular in the uk and is a variation of the blt , which is itself a variation of the club sandwich .
the bacon sandwich , also known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin , is popular in the uk . the main ingredients are bread and bacon and a condiment , often ketchup or brown sauce .
baked alaska is a dessert from the united states , where african americans are one of the ethnic groups . cookies are also a dessert .
baked alaska is a dish from the united states and is popular in paris , new york and hong kong . the main ingredients are meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding .
baked alaska is a dish from hong kong , france , the united states and china . the main ingredients are meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding .
baked alaska is a dish from hong kong and the united states . the main ingredients are meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding .
bakewell pudding , also known as a bakewell tart , is a dish from the derbyshire dales region of derbyshire . it contains fruit preserves .
bakso is a dish popular in indonesia and southeastern asian countries . the main ingredients are ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables and fried shallots .
bakso is a dish from indonesia and contains the ingredients ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables and fried shallots .
bandeja paisa is a typical columbian cuisine from the paisa region . the main ingredients are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon .
bandeja paisa is a typical columbian cuisine from the paisa region . the main ingredients are : red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon .
barny cakes can be found in france , where the french language is spoken and the leaders are gerard larcher and francois hollande .
batagor is a dish from indonesia and is a variation of siomay and shumai . shiitake is an ingredient of shumai .
batchoy is a dish from the region of la paz , iloilo city , philippines . the main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
batchoy is a soup dish from the philippines and the main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore and indonesia . the main ingredients are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore and indonesia . standard chinese is a language spoken in singapore and the leader is halimah yacob .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore and indonesia . the main ingredients are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
bhajji , also known as bhaji or bajji , is a dish from the karnataka region of india and contains vegetables .
bhajji , also known as bhaji or bajji , is a dish from the karnataka region . the main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables .
sweet potato belongs to the solanales order of flowering plants and is an ingredient in binignit . the main ingredients of binignit are sago and sweet potato .
binignit is a dish from the region of visayas , philippines . it contains coconut milk and sago .
bionico is a dessert that contains granola and is found in the jalisco region of mexico .
bionico is a food found in mexico and guadalajara . the main ingredients are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins .
bionico is a dessert found in mexico , where the leader is silvano aureoles conejo . cookies are also desserts .
bakso is a dish from indonesia , where jusuf kalla is the leader . tapioca is one of the ingredients in bakso .
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore and java . the leader of singapore is tony tan and the baduy are an ethnic group from java .
the llocano and zamboangan people are ethnic groups from the philippines , where the spoken language is philippine spanish . batchoy is a dish from the country .
the zamboangans and the igorot people are ethnic groups from the philippines , where arabic is one of the languages spoken and where batchoy comes from .
binignit is a dessert from the philippines , where the language is philippine english . cookies are also desserts .
binignit is a dessert from the philippines , where the language is philippine english . sandesh is also a dessert .
1634 : the bavarian crisis was written by virginia demarce and eric flint and was preceded by the grantville gazette and grantville gazette ii . it was followed by ring of fire ii which is written in english .
cornell university is located in ithaca , new york and is affiliated with the association of american universities and the association of public and land grant universities . the president of cornell university is elizabeth garrett and they publish the administrative science quarterly .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states , where the language is english , as spoken in great britain . african americans is one of the ethnic groups in the us .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states , where the language is english , as spoken in great britain . native americans are one of the ethnic groups of the united states .
a loyal character dancer was published by soho press in the united states , where english is spoken and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups . english is also spoken in great britain .
a severed wasp is from the united states , where the capital is washington d . c . and the language is english , which is also spoken in great britain . native americans are one of the ethnic groups of the united states .
the novel above the veil was followed by into battle which was preceded by the violet keystone . aenir was written after above the veil and was followed by into battle . aenir was preceded by the novel castle .
a severed wasp is written in english , the language spoken in great britain . however , it originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
a severed wasp is from the united states where barack obama is the leader and the language is english , as spoken in great britain . asian americans is one of the ethnic groups in the us .
1634 : the ram rebellion was written in the united states , where barack obama is the leader and the capital city is washington d . c . the book was preceded by 1634 : the galileo affair . asian americans is one of the ethnic groups in the united states .
1634 the ram rebellion comes from the united states , where the capital is washington d . c . and the leader is barack obama . african americans are one of the ethnic groups there .
a wizard of mars was published in the united states , where the leader is the president , and the language is english , which is also spoken in great britain . the us includes many asian americans .
albany is part of the u . s . state of georgia . the leader of the u . s . is the president and the people who live there are called americans . one of the ethnic groups there are the asian americans .
alpharetta , georgia is part of fulton county , georgia , united states . the largest city in fulton county is atlanta . native americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states .
amarillo , texas is part of potter county , texas , united states . the capital of the us is washington dc and the language is english .
amarillo , texas is part of potter county , texas , united states . the capital of texas is austin and the language is english .
amarillo , texas is part of potter county , texas , united states . the capital of texas is austin and the language is english .
anderson , indiana is part of anderson township , madison county , indiana , united states . the population density is 523 . 9 inhabitants per square kilometre and the total area is 107 . 43 square kilometres .
antioch , california is part of the contra costa county , which is part of the san francisco bay area . the leader of california is the 11th state assembly district and the language is english .
atlanta is part of dekalb county , georgia and has a population density of 1299 . 0 inhabitants per square kilometre . the area of land is 344 . 9 square kilometres and the area code is 404 .
attica , indiana is part of logan township , fountain county , indiana , united states . it is 166 metres above sea level and has a population density of 783 . 1 inhabitants per square kilometre .
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama , in the united states , where the capital is washington d . c . and african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
auburn , washington is part of pierce county , washington , united states . it has a population density of 914 . 8 inhabitants per square kilometre and a total area of 77 . 41 square kilometres .
austin , texas is part of williamson county , texas , where the largest city is round rock and the county seat is georgetown . english is the language of texas .
austin , texas is part of hays county , texas , where the county seat is san marcos . the largest city in texas is houston and the language spoken is english .
austin , texas is part of hays county , texas , where the county seat is san marcos . spanish is the language spoken in texas , and the largest city is houston .
alexandria , indiana is part of madison county , indiana , united states . the capital of indiana is indianapolis and the language is english .
arlington , texas is part of tarrant county , texas , where the county seat is fort worth . spanish is the language of texas , where the largest city is houston .
arlington , texas is part of tarrant county , texas , united states . the largest city in tarrant county is fort worth .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey , united states , where the capital is washington d . c . and the largest city is new york city . white americans are one of the ethnic groups in the u . s .
albany , oregon is part of linn county , oregon in the united states . the capital of the us is washington dc and the people who live there are called americans . native americans are one of the ethnic groups in the us .
albany , oregon is part of oregon in the united states , where the capital is washington d . c . and the people who live there are called americans . asian americans is one of the ethnic groups there .
angola , indiana is part of steuben county , indiana , united states . the language of the united states is english and the people who live there are called americans . african americans are one of the ethnic groups there .
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama , in the united states . the capital of the us is washington dc and native americans are one of the ethnic groups there .
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama , in the united states , where the native americans are an ethnic group . the county seat of lee county is opelika , alabama .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey , united states . the largest city in new jersey is newark and the capital is trenton . native americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states .
albuquerque , new mexico is part of new mexico in the united states . the leader of the united states is president barack obama and the language is english .
angola , indiana is part of steuben county , indiana , united states . the language of the united states is english and the people who live there are called americans . asian americans are one of the ethnic groups there .
akron , ohio is part of summit county , ohio in the united states . the capital of the us is washington dc and the leader is barack obama . native americans are one of the ethnic groups of the us .
albany , georgia is in the united states , where the leader is the president of the united states . the people of the united states are called americans , and one of the ethnic groups there are the african americans .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in the seminary ridge , gettysburg , pennsylvania , united states and was established in 2000 . it is categorised as a contributing property .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is categorised as a contributing property and is located in adams county , pennsylvania . the county is southwest of frederick county , maryland and north of cumberland county , pennsylvania .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . it is located in azerbaijan , the capital of which is baku , and the leader is artur rasizade , the prime minister of azerbaijan .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . it is located in azerbaijan , where the leader is artur rasizade , the legislature is the national assembly and the capital city is baku .
the ataturk monument is located in turkey , where the capital city is ankara , and the largest city is istanbul . the country ' s leader is president ahmet davutoglu .
the awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , kerala was established in 2001 and has 250 academic staff . kerala has mahe , india to its northwest .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 . it has 700 post graduate students and its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar . it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , india is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university . it has 700 post graduate students and its president is b . m . reddy .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark is affiliated with the european university association , which has its headquarters in brussels . denmark ' s leader is lars løkke rasmussen , and the country ' s leader is the monarchy of denmark .
the awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , india was established in 2001 and has 250 academic staff . the largest city in india is mumbai .
the awh engineering college is located in the state of kerala , india . the leader of kerala is kochi and the largest city in india is mumbai . the ganges is a river in india .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 and has a staff size of 737 . the country ' s leader is lars løkke rasmussen .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in aarhus , which is governed by a magistrate and is southwest of mols . the school is affiliated with the european university association , which has its headquarters in brussels .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 , which stars alan tudyk . the character was created by steven t . seagle and the american duncan rouleau .
michele marcolini is the manager of a . c . lumezzane , whose ground is located in italy , where pietro grasso is the leader . michele marcolini is also a member of the f . c . bari 1908 club and plays for vicenza calcio .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who has played for chesterfield fc and stockport county fc . the club ' s ground is located in blackpool where the leader is the labour party ( uk ) .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where the italian language is spoken and the leader is sergio mattarella . the club play in the serie d league , of which s . s . robur siena are the champions .
the olympic stadium ( athens ) is located in marousi and is the home ground of aek athens fc who have been managed by gus poyet . gus poyet has played for real zaragoza and chelsea fc .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where pietro grasso is the leader of the italian people , the capital city is rome and the italian language is spoken .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where the official language is italian , the capital city is rome and the leader is sergio mattarella .
arem - arem is a dish from indonesia , but is more specific to java . the country ' s leader is jusuf kalla , its currency is the indonesian rupiah and its language is indonesian .
asam pedas is a dish from sumatra and the malay peninsula in malaysia . malaysia ' s capital is kuala lumpur and its ethnic groups include the malaysian chinese and malay .
asam pedas is a dish from sumatra and the malay peninsula in malaysia . malaysia ' s capital is kuala lumpur and its ethnic groups include the malaysian malay and the malaysian indian .
asam pedas is a dish from sumatra , malaysia . malaysia ' s capital is kuala lumpur and its ethnic groups include the malaysian malay and the malaysian indian .
malaysia is led by abu zahar ujang and is home to the malaysian malay and the malaysian indian . asam pedas is a food found in the malay peninsula of malaysia .
bacon explosion is a dish from the kansas city metropolitan area of the united states . the main ingredients are bacon and sausage .
the bacon explosion comes from the united states , where the capital is washington d . c . and the language is english . paul ryan is a leader in the u . s . and white americans are one of the ethnic groups there .
the bacon sandwich , also known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin , is popular in the uk . it includes bread , bacon and ketchup or brown sauce . the blt is a variation of the bacon sandwich .
baked alaska is a dish from france , where french is spoken and the leaders are manuel valls and gerard larcher . it is also served in hong kong .
lemon is a member of the rosids family and is part of the rutaceae family . it is an ingredient in the dish bandeja paisa which comes from the antioquia department region of colombia .
barny cakes , made with sponge cake , can be found in france , where the french language is spoken and the leaders are gerard larcher and francois hollande .
batagor is a variation of shumai and siomay , a dish that contains peanut sauce . joko widodo is the leader of indonesia .
batagor is a dish from indonesia , where joko widodo is the leader . it is a variation of siomay and shumai , which contains shiitake mushrooms .
batagor is a variation of shumai and siomay , it contains shiitake and is popular in indonesia , where jusuf kalla is the leader .
bhajji originates from the karnataka region of india . the main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables . it is also known as bhaji and bajji .
bhajji is a dish from the karnataka region of india , where the leader is vajubhai vala . the leader of india is t . s . thakur and the people who live there are called indians .
bhajji is a dish from the karnataka region of india , where the people are known as indians and the leaders are t . s . thakur and sumitra mahajan .
bionico is a dessert that contains the ingredients : chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins . it is found in the guadalajara region of mexico .
bionico is a dessert that can be found in mexico , where spanish is spoken and the leader is enrique pena nieto . honey can be added to it .
bionico is a dessert found in the jalisco region of mexico , where the leader is silvano aureoles conejo . honey can be added to it .
arros negre is a traditional dish from the catalonia region of spain , where carles puigdemont is the leader . the country ' s main ethnic group are the spaniards and the leader is felipe vi .
amatriciana sauce can be found in italy , where the capital is rome , the language is italian and the leaders are matteo renzi and laura boldrini .
amatriciana sauce can be found in italy , where the capital city is rome , and the people who live there are called italians . two of the leaders in italy are sergio mattarella and laura boldrini .
amatriciana sauce can be found in italy , where pietro grasso and matteo renzi are leaders , the capital city is rome and the italian language is spoken .
the javenese people are an ethnic group in java , where ayam penyet is a traditional dish . the dish , which contains fried chicken , is popular nationwide and can also be found in malaysia and singapore .
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore , where the javanese people are an ethnic group and the english language is spoken . the leader of singapore is tony tan . ayam penyet is also a dish from java .
the zamboangans and chinese filipino are ethnic groups in the philippines , where philippine spanish and arabic are both spoken . batchoy is a dish from the country .
ajoblanco is a food found in andalusia , spain , where susana diaz is the leader and spanish is the language spoken . spaniards are the name given to the people of spain .
ajoblanco is a food found in andalusia , spain , where susana diaz is the leader of the spaniards . the leader of the country is felipe vi .
alan bean was born in wheeler , texas and was a test pilot before being selected by nasa in 1963 . he is retired .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and was a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 14 . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the us navy , which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal .
william anders was born in british hong kong and is a us national . he was a crew member of apollo 8 , operated by nasa , where frank borman was the commander .
buzz aldrin was born on 20 january 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he was a fighter pilot and a member of apollo 11 ' s crew .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey and was a fighter pilot . he was a crew member of apollo 11 , which was operated by nasa .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey and graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 . he was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11 . he is retired .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey and was a crew member of apollo 11 operated by nasa . william anders was the backup pilot of apollo 11 . buzz aldrin is retired .
buzz aldrin was born on 20 january 1930 and was a member of the apollo 11 crew , operated by nasa . william anders was the backup pilot of apollo 11 . buzz aldrin is retired .
alan shepard was a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 14 . he died in california , where dianne feinstein is a senator and the gemstone is benitoite .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire , united states and was awarded the distinguished service medal by the us navy , which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal . he died in california .
william anders was born in british hong kong and was a fighter pilot . he was a member of apollo 8 ' s crew and retired on september 1st , 1969 .
margrethe ii of denmark is the leader of denmark where faroese is the language spoken . the country is the location of aarhus airport in tirstrup , part of the central denmark region .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located at madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas . it is operated by enaire and is 610 metres above sea level . the runway name is 14l / 32r and it is 4100 metres long .
agra airport is located in india and is operated by the indian air force . the runway length is 1818 . 0 and the airport is 167 . 94 below sea level . the icao location identifier of the airport is viag .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase in iraq . the runway name is 08 / 26 and it is 3990 . 0 in length . the icao location identifier of the airbase is oraa .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase which is located in al anbar province , iraq . the runway name is 08 / 26 and it is 3992 . 88 in length . the icao location identifier of the airbase is oraa .
the united states air force , which was involved in the 1986 united states bombing of libya , is the operating organisation for al asad airbase . the lockheed ac - 130 can be found on usaf aircraft carriers , including the boeing c - 17 globemaster iii and the general dynamics f - 16 fighting falcon .
the united states air force , which was involved in the invasion of grenada and the battle known as operation enduring freedom , is the operating organisation for al asad airbase . the lockheed ac - 130 can be found on usaf aircraft carriers , including the lockheed c - 130 hercules .
alderney is served by alderney airport which is 88 metres above sea level . the runway name is 08 / 26 and is 733 . 0 in length . the 1st runway at alderney airport is made of poaceae .
the pakistan civil aviation authority governs the allama iqbal international airport which serves the city of lahore . the runway name is 18l / 36r and it is 3310 . 0 in length .
the pakistan civil aviation authority governs the allama iqbal international airport which serves the city of lahore in punjab , pakistan . the runway name is 18r / 36l and it is 2900 . 0 in length .
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan , united states . it serves the city of alpena and is 210 metres above sea level . the runway length is 1533 . 0 .
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan and serves the city of alpena . the runway name is 7 / 25 and is 1533 . 0 in length . the airport is 210 metres above sea level .
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township , alpena county , michigan and serves the city of alpena . the runway name is 1 / 19 and is 2744 . 0 in length . the airport is 210 metres above sea level .
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township , alpena county , michigan , united states . it is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533 . 0 .
angola international airport is located in ícolo e bengo and serves the city of luanda . the runway name is 05l / 23r and it is 3800 . 0 in length . the airport is 159 metres above sea level .
athens international airport serves the city of athens in greece , where the greek language is spoken and the leaders are alexis tsipras and nikos voutsis .
athens international airport serves the city of athens in greece . two leaders of the country are alexis tsipras and prokopis pavloopoulos and the language is greek .
atlantic city international airport serves the city of atlantic city , new jersey , united states . the leader of atlantic city , new jersey is don guardian .
philippe of belgium and charles michel are leaders of belgium , where the capital city is brussels . antwerp is a popular tourist destination in belgium and is served by antwerp international airport .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states and has the icao location identifier of kacy .
adirondack regional airport serves lake placid , new york and saranac lake , new york , which is part of harrietstown , new york , united states .
adirondack regional airport serves lake placid , new york and saranac lake , new york which is part of harrietstown , essex county , new york , united states .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh , awadh , bundelkhand and is operated by the indian air force . the hal light combat helicopter is an aircraft helicopter in the indian air force .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh , bundelkhand and is operated by the indian air force . the hal light combat helicopter is an aircraft helicopter in the indian air force . the leader of uttar pradesh is ram naik .
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq , where the arabic language is spoken and the leaders are haider al - abadi and fuad masum .
200 public square was completed in 1985 and is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio , united states .
250 delaware avenue , buffalo , new york , was started in january 2014 and has 12 floors and a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres . it is in the postmodern style of architecture .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago , illinois , united states , where the leader is rahm emanuel and the capital is springfield .
the tenant of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is marriott international , founded in washington dc . the faroese language is spoken in denmark , where the leader is margrethe ii .
the tenant of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is marriott international , founded in washington dc and with bill marriott as a key leader . the greenlandic language is spoken in denmark , where the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is located .
marriott international , founded in washington , d . c . , is the tenant of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen , denmark . the leader of denmark is lars løkke rasmussen and the greenlandic language is spoken there .
augustus pugin , born in bloomsbury , designed the significant building of the palace of westminster and the adare manor in the republic of ireland , where the leader is enda kenny .
the addis ababa city hall was started in 1961 and completed in 1964 . it has a height of 42 metres and a floor area of 140000 . 0 square metres . the current tenant is the government of addis ababa .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita prefecture , japan and has 3 floors . the address is 1 - 4 - 2 nakadori .
the chinese are one of the ethnic groups in japan , where the leader is tarō asō . the country is the location of the akita museum of art in akita , akita prefecture .
the mason school of business is located in the united states and is the current tenant of alan b . miller hall in virginia . the hall was designed by the architect robert a . m . stern and is owned by the college of william and mary .
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad , gujarat , india , where sumitra mahajan is a leader and the gujarat legislative assembly is the leader of gujarat .
ampara hospital is located in ampara district , eastern province , sri lanka . the leader of sri lanka is ranil wickremesinghe and the leader of the eastern province is austin fernando .
ampara hospital is located in the eastern province of sri lanka , which is governed by the eastern provincial council . the leader of sri lanka is ranil wickremesinghe and the capital city is sri jayawardenepura kotte .
julia morgan was born in san francisco and designed significant buildings in los angeles , including the los angeles herald examiner building , hearst castle and the asilomar conference grounds .
julia morgan was born in san francisco and designed significant buildings including the asilomar conference grounds , the riverside art museum , hearst castle and the asilomar state beach .
the asser levy public baths are located in new york city , united states . manhattan is part of new york city and is lead by cyrus vance jr . new netherland is also part of new york city .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin , who was born in birmingham . the postcode of birmingham is ' b ' and the leader is labour politician john clancy . the governing body of birmingham is birmingham city council .
the leader of the united states is president barack obama . the capital city is washington dc and the chief justice is john roberts . the country is the location of 250 delaware avenue .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in the seminary ridge , adams county , pennsylvania , united states and was established in 2000 . it is categorised as a contributing property .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is categorised as a contributing property and is located in adams county , pennsylvania . adams county is south of cumberland county , pennsylvania and east of carroll county , maryland .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan , the capital of which is baku . the memorial was designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner in red granite and white marble and is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the leader of azerbaijan is artur rasizade .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . it was designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner in red granite and white marble and is known locally as turk sehitleri aniti . the leader of azerbaijan is artur rasizade .
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in the monocacy national battlefield in frederick , maryland , united states . it was established on 11 july 1907 and is categorised as a historic district .
alan bean was born on march 15th , 1932 in wheeler , texas and was a test pilot . he spent 100305 . 0 minutes in space and is retired .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california . he was a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 14 . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the us navy , which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal .
alan bean , born alan lavern bean , was a crew member of apollo 12 , operated by nasa . he retired in june 1981 . alfred worden was a backup pilot on the apollo 12 mission , and david scott was the commander .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey and graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 . he was a fighter pilot and was selected by nasa in 1963 . he was a crew member on apollo 11 .
buzz aldrin was born on 20 january 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit in 1963 with a sc . d and became a member of the apollo 11 crew , operated by nasa . william anders was the backup pilot of apollo 11 .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey and was a fighter pilot . he was a member of the apollo 11 crew , operated by nasa . william anders was the backup pilot of apollo 11 .
buzz aldrin was born on 20th january 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 . he was a fighter pilot and was selected by nasa in 1963 . he was a crew member on apollo 11 .
alan shepard was awarded the distinguished service medal by the us navy , which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal . he died in california , where the gemstone is benitoite and the fossil is the smilodon . dianne feinstein is a senator in california .
william anders was born in british hong kong and graduated from afit in 1962 with a m . s . he was a fighter pilot and was a member of apollo 8 ' s crew . he retired on september 1st , 1969 .
william anders was born in british hong kong and was a crew member of apollo 8 operated by nasa . he retired on 1 september 1969 . apollo 8 ' s backup pilot was buzz aldrin and its crew included frank borman .
william anders graduated from afit in 1962 with a m . s . and became a crew member of apollo 8 . apollo 8 was operated by nasa and included frank borman as a crew member and backup pilot buzz aldrin . william anders is retired .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in mendrisio , ticino , switzerland was established in 1996 and has a staff of 100 . its dean is mario botta .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , karnataka , india . it has 700 post graduate students and is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , india was established in 2000 and is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university . the president of the school is b . m . reddy and the full address of the school is in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark is affiliated with the european university association , which has its headquarters in brussels . denmark ' s leader is lars løkke rasmussen , its religion is the church of denmark and its leader is the monarchy of denmark .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark is affiliated with the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels . the dean of the school is thomas pallesen . denmark ' s leader is lars løkke rasmussen .
the awh engineering college in india was established in 2001 . the country ' s largest city is mumbai and its river is the ganges . the leader of the state of kerala is kochi .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania , a country which has bucharest as its capital , the patron saint andrew the apostle and the national anthem deșteaptă - te , române ! the country ' s leader is klaus iohannis and its ethnic group is the germans of romania .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 . it has 737 academic staff and 16 , 000 students . denmark ' s leader is lars løkke rasmussen .
the ataturk monument in turkey , made of bronze , was inaugurated on 27 july 1932 . the capital of turkey is ankara , although the largest city is istanbul . the currency of turkey is the turkish lira and the leader is ahmet davutoglu .
the ataturk monument in turkey , designed by pietro canonica , is made of bronze and was inaugurated on 27 july 1932 . the turkish leader is president ahmet davutoglu and the capital city is ankara .
the ataturk monument in turkey was inaugurated on 27 july 1932 . the capital of turkey is ankara , although the largest city is istanbul . the currency of turkey is the turkish lira and the leader is president ahmet davutoglu .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in mendrisio , switzerland was established in 1996 and has 100 academic staff and 600 students . its dean is mario botta and the country ' s leader is the federal chancellor .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , karnataka , india was established in 2000 . its motto is " nurturing excellence " and its president is b . m . reddy . its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar .
the acharya institute of technology is located in the state of karnataka , which is southwest of telangana and east of the arabian sea . the school was given the " technical campus " status by the all india council for technical education , which is located in mumbai . tennis is one of the sports offered at the acharya institute of technology , and the governing body of tennis is the international tennis federation .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , romania . the capital of romania is bucharest , its anthem is deșteaptă - te , române ! and its leader is prime minister klaus iohannis . the ethnic group of romania is the germans of romania .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 and has 737 academic staff . it is affiliated with the european university association and its dean is thomas pallesen . denmark ' s leader is lars løkke rasmussen .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark is affiliated with the european university association , which has its headquarters in brussels . aarhus is governed by a magistrate and its leader is lars løkke rasmussen .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 and has 16 , 000 students . it is affiliated with the european university association and its dean is thomas pallesen . the latin name of the school is " universitas aarhusiensis " .
alan bean was born on march 15th , 1932 in wheeler , texas and graduated from ut austin in 1955 with a b . s . he was a test pilot and was a crew member on apollo 12 . he is retired .
alan shepard was born on 18th november 1923 in new hampshire . he graduated from nwc in 1957 with a m . a . and became a test pilot . he was selected by nasa in 1959 . he died in california .
alan bean was born in wheeler , texas and was a test pilot . he was a crew member of apollo 12 , which was operated by nasa . alfred worden was the backup pilot of apollo 12 and david scott was the commander .
edwin e . aldrin jr , also known as buzz aldrin , was born on 20 january 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 and became a fighter pilot before being selected by nasa in 1963 . he was a crew member on apollo 11 .
buzz aldrin was born on 20 january 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit in 1963 with a sc . d and became a fighter pilot . he was a member of the apollo 11 crew and spent 52 minutes in space .
buzz aldrin was born on 20 january 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 . he was a member of the apollo 11 crew and won 20 awards . he is retired .
buzz aldrin was born on 20 january 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and became a member of the apollo 11 crew . he has now retired .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey and graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 . he was a member of the apollo 11 crew , operated by nasa . william anders was the backup pilot of apollo 11 . buzz aldrin is retired .
william anders was born on october 17th , 1933 in british hong kong . he was a fighter pilot and a member of apollo 8 ' s crew . he retired on september 1st , 1969 .
william anders was born in british hong kong and is a us national . he was a crew member of apollo 8 operated by nasa . the backup pilot was buzz aldrin . william anders retired on 1 september 1969 .
william anders was born on 17th october 1933 in british hong kong . he was a fighter pilot and was selected by nasa in 1963 . he was a crew member on apollo 8 and spent 8820 . 0 minutes in space . he retired on 1st september 1969 .
aaron s . daggett was awarded the purple heart .
aaron s . daggett fought in the battle of mine run .
ab klink was born in stellendam , netherlands .
abdul rahman ya ' kub was in office while vice president of malaysia , which was led by tuanku bujang and tuanku othman .
abdul taib mahmud is a member of the parti bumiputera sarawak party .
sulaiman abdul rahman taib is the successor of abdul taib mahmud .
abdulsalami abubakar was active from 1999 - 05 - 29 .
abdulsalami abubakar was born in minna .
abdulsalami abubakar was born in the state of niger .
abner w . sibal was active from 1965 - 01 - 03 .
abner w . sibal died in alexandria , virginia .
adam holloway was born in kent .
adam holloway lives in gravesend .
adenan satem ' s alma mater is the university of adelaide .
adolf scharf was born in mikulov .
adonis georgiadis was in the office of prime minister while antonis samaras was the prime minister .
adonis georgiadis worked as the deputy minister for development , competitiveness and shipping .
agnes kant was born in hessisch oldendorf .
agnes ward white was born in marietta , ohio .
airey neave was active from 1953 - 06 - 30 .
airey neave was awarded the military cross .
airey neave was born in knightsbridge , london .
airey neave was a lieutenant colonel .
airey neave began his service in 1935 .
albert b . white is a member of the republican party in the united states .
albert b . white ' s spouse is agnes ward white .
albert jennings fountain was in the union army .
alberto teisaire is from the country of argentina .
alberto teisaire was a rear admiral in the argentine navy .
alfons gorbach died in austria .
alfred moore scales was active from 1875 - 03 - 04 .
alfred moore scales fought in the battle of chancellorsville .
alfred n . phillips was born in darien , connecticut .
alfred n . phillips worked as the mayor of stamford , connecticut .
allan shivers was active from 1947 - 01 - 21 .
allan shivers served in the united states army .
allan shivers was the predecessor of price daniel .
alvah sabin was active from 1853 - 03 - 04 .
alvah sabin was a member of the whig party in the united states .
robert e . lee was the commander of the american civil war .
austrian german is the language of austria .
robert e . lee was the commander of the battle of antietam .
the battle of cold harbor is part of the american civil war .
the leader of buenos aires is gabriela michetti .
colin powell was the commander of the gulf war .
john f . kennedy was the president of the united states , and his predecessor was dwight d . eisenhower .
the alma mater of josef klaus is the university of vienna .
juan carlos i of spain was the predecessor of francisco franco .
juan peron is a member of the labour party in argentina .
the leader of the netherlands is mark rutte .
the united states army fought battles in the spanish - american war .
william m . o . dawson was born in bloomington , maryland .
the 1955 dodge is also known as the dodge coronet .
the 1955 dodge has a 230 cubic inch engine .
a - rosa luna was christened on 2005 - 04 - 07 .
aida cruises is located in rostock .
aida cruises is the operator of aidaluna .
aidastella was christened on 2013 - 03 - 16 .
aidastella was completed on 2013 - 03 - 11 .
aidastella ' s first voyage was on 2013 - 03 - 17 .
aidastella is operated by aida cruises .
the launch site of the alv x - 1 is the mid - atlantic regional spaceport .
the amc matador is also known as the american motors matador .
the ara veinticinco de mayo v - 2 was sold to the netherlands on 1 april 1948 .
the abarth 1000 gt coupe has a straight - four engine .
the honda k engine is the engine of the acura tlx .
the acura tlx is an awd vehicle .
the honda accord and the acura tlx are both related to transportation .
the transmission of the acura tlx is the 9 - speed zf 9hp automatic v6 .
alfa romeo 164 was assembled in arese .
the alfa romeo 164 and the lancia thema are both related to the transportation of people .
the alfa romeo 164 has a 4 - speed automatic zf 4hp18qe transmission .
the alhambra was built by the samuda brothers .
the alhambra has a beam of 8 . 3 m .
alhambra is a wrecked building .
the alhambra has a top speed of 18 . 52 .
the alvis speed 25 has a straight - six engine .
the alvis speed 25 was produced from 1937 .
the american submarine nr - 1 has a draft of 4 . 6 m .
the antares rocket was in flight on 28th october 2014 .
the antares rocket was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 .
the leader of argentina is gabriela michetti .
ariane 5 was launched from the guiana space centre .
ariane 5 ' s first flight was on 2005 - 08 - 11 .
the aston martin v8 is a convertible .
aston martin is the manufacturer of the aston martin v8 .
aston martin is the manufacturer of the aston martin virage .
the final flight of the atlas ii was on 1998 - 03 - 16 .
the launch site of the atlas ii was vandenberg air force base .
audi was founded by august horch .
audi a1 was assembled in audi brussels .
the audi a1 and the seat ibiza are both related to the same type of transportation .
caterpillar , inc . is located in peoria , illinois .
costa crociere is located in genoa .
the desoto custom is a related mean of transportation to the chrysler newport .
the fiat croma and the alfa romeo 164 are both related to the transportation of people .
the people of germany are called germans .
norbert lammert is the leader of germany .
the leader of germany is stanislaw tillich .
gruppo bertone was founded by giovanni bertone .
the guiana space centre is headquartered in kourou , french guiana .
the honda k engine was made by honda .
the anthem of the united states is the star - spangled banner .
native americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states .
the chairman of a . c . milan is silvio berlusconi .
aaron boogaard was born in canada .
aaron hunt is in the sv werder bremen club .
abel hernandez plays for the uruguay olympic football team .
abel hernandez plays for the uruguay national football team .
abner was born in brazil and is a footballer .
adam maher was born in diemen .
adam maher was born in the netherlands .
adam maher plays for the netherlands national under - 17 football team .
adam maher plays for psv eindhoven .
ahmad kadhim assad plays for the iraq national football team .
akeem adams was born in point fortin .
akeem dent was a member of the atlanta falcons .
akeem priestley is a member of the connecticut huskies club .
al - khor sports club play in the qatar stars league .
basim qasim is the manager of al - zawra ' a sc .
al kharaitiyat sc play in the qatar stars league .
alaa abdul - zahra was born in baghdad .
alaa abdul - zahra plays for sanat mes kerman f . c .
alan martin ( footballer ) plays for hamilton academical f . c .
alan martin ( footballer ) played for the scotland national under - 19 football team .
aleksander barkov jr . was born on 1995 - 09 - 02 .
aleksander barkov jr . plays for the florida panthers .
aleksander barkov jr . is 1 . 905 in height .
aleksander barkov jr . plays in the national hockey league .
aleksandr prudnikov was born on february 24th , 1989 .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc amkar perm .
aleksandre guruli was born in batumi .
aleksandre guruli plays for fc samtredia .
aleksandre guruli plays for the georgia national under - 21 football team .
alessio romagnoli plays for a . s . roma .
alessio romagnoli is in the youth club a . s . roma .
alex plante was born in manitoba .
alex tyus plays in the turkish basketball super league .
the atlanta falcons are based in atlanta .
the general manager of the boston bruins is don sweeney .
budapest is in hungary .
the language of canada is the english language .
slavey is a language spoken in canada .
the columbus blue jackets are located in columbus , ohio .
oleh luzhny is the manager of fc karpaty lviv .
the manager of fc torpedo moscow is valery petrakov .
the chairman of ferencvarosi tc is gabor kubatov .
the language of finland is the finnish language .
the coach of the italy national under - 16 football team is daniele zoratto .
zvi sherf is the coach of maccabi ashdod b . c .
motherwell f . c . ' s ground is at fir park .
the owner of olympique lyonnais is jean - michel aulas .
st . louis rams play in st . louis .
the tennessee titans are based in the city of nashville , tennessee .
aaron bertram was active in 1998 .
aaron deer is associated with the band the horns of happiness .
aaron deer is on the record label of kill rock stars .
aaron turner is in the genre of avant - garde metal .
aaron turner is a member of the genre of progressive metal .
abradab is a solo singer .
abradab was born on 1978 - 11 - 12 .
abradab was born in poland .
abradab is a hip hop music genre .
agustin barboza is a guarania musician .
ahmet ertegun was born in istanbul , turkey .
alan frew is a rock musician .
albennie jones is associated with the band sammy price .
aleksandra kovac is a solo singer .
aleksandra kovac was born in yugoslavia .
aleksandra kovac is a member of the genre of rhythm and blues .
aleksandra kovac is a soul musician .
alex day is a genre of synthpop .
alfredo zitarrosa is associated with hector numa moraes .
alfredo zitarrosa was born in montevideo .
alfredo zitarrosa died in uruguay .
alfredo zitarrosa is on the rca records label .
alison o ' donnell was active in 1963 .
alison o ' donnell is a jazz musician .
alison o ' donnell plays the voice , bodhran , percussion , and autoharp .
allen forrest was born on february 4th , 1981 .
allen forrest is a pop musician .
alligator records is located in chicago .
anders osborne is associated with the band johnny sansone .
anders osborne is a member of the genre of rhythm and blu .
anders osborne is on the record label alligator records .
andra singer is a member of the genre of rhythm and blues .
andrew rayel was active in 2009 .
andrew rayel is associated with the band christian burns .
andrew rayel was born in chisinau , moldova .
andrew white is a musician who is associated with marry banilow .
andrew white is a musician who is on the b - unique records label .
asuncion is part of gran asuncion .
christian burns plays the guitar .
hip hop is a subgenre of gangsta rap .
hip hop is a style of music that originates from funk .
indie rock is a style of new wave music .
manchester is part of greater manchester .
polydor records is located in london .
sony music entertainment is the distributing company of rca records .
the style of rock and roll is the same as the style of the blues .
the style of synthpop is pop music .
the demonym of the people of the united kingdom is british people .
the density of 19255 1994 vk8 is 2 . 0 grampercubiccentimetres .
the discoverer of 29075 1950 da is carl a . wirtanen .
the 410777 2009 fd has an absolute magnitude of 22 . 1 .
the 410777 2009 fd has an apoapsis of 259776702 . 47055 kilometres .
the 66063 1998 ro1 has an apoapsis of 254989570 . 60815 kilometres .
66063 1998 ro1 was published on 2013 - 11 - 04 .
the escape velocity of 1000 piazzia is 0 . 0252 kilometreperseconds .
1001 gaussia was formerly known as 1923 oaa907 xc .
the maximum temperature of 1001 gaussia is 165 . 0 kelvins .
the apoapsis of 101 helena is 441092000 . 0 kilometres .
101 helena was published on 2006 - 12 - 31 .
101 helena has a mass of 3 . 0 kilograms .
the average speed of 1036 ganymed is 16 . 86 kilometreperseconds .
the absolute magnitude of 103 hera is 7 . 66 .
103 hera has a mass of 7 . 9 kilograms .
the absolute magnitude of 107 camilla is 7 . 08 .
a . storrs is the discoverer of 107 camilla .
the former name of 1089 tama is a894 va , a904 vd .
1089 tama has an orbital period of 1202 . 846 days .
the average speed of 1097 vicia is 17 . 92 kilometreperseconds .
1097 vicia was published on 2006 - 12 - 31 .
the rotation period of 1097 vicia is 95040 . 0 .
christian heinrich friedrich peters is the discoverer of 109 felicitas .
the periapsis of 109 felicitas is 283326000000 . 0 .
the average speed of 10 hygiea is 16 . 76 kilometreperseconds .
the periapsis of 1101 clematis is 445895000000 . 0 .
110 lydia was published on 2006 - 12 - 31 .
11264 claudiomaccone is 173 . 0 kelvins .
james craig watson graduated from the university of michigan .
n . r . pogson was born in nottingham .
aaron s . daggett , who was awarded the purple heart , fought in the battle of fredericksburg .
aaron s . daggett , who was awarded the purple heart , fought in the battle of gettysburg .
abdul taib mahmud was the predecessor of abdul rahman ya ' kub who has a deputy called stephen yong kuet tze .
abdul taib mahmud , born in the kingdom of sarawak , is a member of the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu party .
abdulsalami abubakar was born in minna and attended the technical institute kaduna .
abdulsalami abubakar , born in the state of nigeria , worked as the chief of the defence staff in nigeria .
al - amin daggash is the successor of abdulsalami abubakar who was the chief of the defence staff in nigeria .
abdulsalami abubakar was the leader of the country of nigeria and was in office from 1999 - 05 - 29 until he was succeeded by olusegun obasanjo .
abdulsalami abubakar was the vice president of nigeria , and was followed by olusegun obasanjo . mike akhigbe was the vice president of nigeria .
abner w . sibal fought in the world war ii , where the commander was joseph stalin .
abner w . sibal was in the united states army , which fought battles in the korean war .
adam holloway , born in kent , attended magdalene college , cambridge .
adam holloway , born in kent , lives in gravesend .
adam koc , who was awarded the virtuti militari , fought in the world war i .
adonis georgiadis , born in athens , worked as the deputy parliamentary spokesman of the popular orthodox rally .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens , greece .
adonis georgiadis , born in greece , was the deputy parliamentary spokesman of the popular orthodox rally .
agnes kant , born in hessisch oldendorf , was the parliamentary group leader .
airey neave , who was in the royal artillery , was awarded the military cross .
airey neave was a member of the british army who fought in the battle of france and began his career on 4th march 1974 .
airey neave fought in the battle of france , where the commander was hugo sperrle .
airey neave , born in knightsbridge , fought in the world war ii .
airey neave fought in the world war ii , where franklin d . roosevelt was the commander .
airey neave fought in the world war ii , where the commander was joseph stalin .
albert b . white was born on 22nd september 1856 and died in 1941 .
albert b . white was born on 22nd september 1856 and was a politician .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york city and died in dona ana county , new mexico .
albert jennings fountain , who was in the office of vice president while edmund j . davis was the vice president , died in new mexico .
albert jennings fountain , born in new york city , is a member of the republican party in the united states .
alberto teisaire , who was the provisional president of the argentine senate , was followed by isaac rojas .
alfons gorbach was born in austria , austria - hungary .
alfons gorbach was born in the state of tyrol , austria .
alfred moore scales , who was the governor of north carolina , was followed by james w . reid .
alfred moore scales was the predecessor of daniel gould fowle who graduated from princeton university .
alfred n . phillips , born in connecticut , worked as a united states house of representatives .
alfred n . phillips was in the united states army , which fought battles in the american civil war .
allan shivers fought in the world war ii , where the commander was joseph stalin .
allan shivers was born in lufkin , texas and worked as a member of the texas state senate from district 4 , port arthur .
allan shivers , who worked as a member of the texas state senate from district 4 , port arthur , was succeeded by ben ramsey .
alvah sabin was born on 23rd october 1793 and served as the secretary of state of vermont .
agnes kant is from the netherlands , where the currency is the euro .
agnes kant is from the netherlands where the leader is mark rutte .
albert b . white died in parkersburg , west virginia , united states .
aaron boogaard , born in saskatchewan , plays for the wichita thunder .
abel hernandez plays for penarol , whose manager is jorge orosman da silva .
abel hernandez plays for u . s . citta di palermo and penarol .
adam maher plays for the netherlands national under - 17 football team and az alkmaar .
adam maher plays for psv eindhoven and the netherlands national under - 17 football team .
ahmad kadhim assad plays for steel azin f . c . and al shorta sc .
akeem adams is in the ferencvarosi tc club , which is managed by thomas doll .
akeem adams is a member of the trinidad and tobago national football team and plays for t & tec sports club .
akeem ayers , who was a member of the new england patriots , was a 39th draft pick .
akeem ayers , who was a member of the tennessee titans , was a 39th draft pick .
akeem dent was born on 27th september 1987 .
akeem priestley is in the sheikh russel kc club and plays for the connecticut huskies .
akeem priestley is in the rops club and plays for sheikh russel kc .
alaa abdul - zahra plays for al - khor sports club whose ground is in al khor .
alaa abdul - zahra plays for al kharaitiyat sc , whose manager is amar osim .
alan martin ( footballer ) plays for leeds united f . c . and is in the hamilton academical f . c . club .
alan martin ( footballer ) plays for hamilton academical f . c . whose ground is new douglas park .
aleksander barkov jr . was born on september 2 , 1995 and plays for the florida panthers .
aleksander barkov jr . was born in tampere , finland and plays for the florida panthers .
aleksandr chumakov plays for fc torpedo moscow , whose manager is valery petrakov .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc spartak moscow and fc kuban krasnodar .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc tom tomsk , which is in the russian football national league .
aleksandre guruli plays for fc karpaty lviv and fc dinamo batumi .
alex plante was born in manitoba in 1989 .
alex tyus , born on 1988 - 01 - 08 , plays for pallacanestro cantu .
alex tyus is in the turkish basketball super league and plays for maccabi tel aviv b . c .
alex plante was born in brandon , manitoba , where the leader is the conservative party of canada .
adam mcquaid was born in canada , where the national anthem is o canada .
adam mcquaid was born in english speaking canada .
aleksandre guruli plays for fc dinamo batumi , whose manager is levan khomeriki .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc spartak moscow whose ground is the otkrytiye arena .
akeem priestley plays for rops who are in the veikkausliiga league .
akeem adams plays for united petrotrin f . c . whose ground is the palo seco velodrome .
aaron deer , who plays the guitar , is in the genre of psychedelia .
aaron deer is from the united states and indiana .
aaron turner is a member of the twilight band and plays the genre of electroacoustic music .
aaron turner , who is a member of the avant - garde metal genre , is a singer .
abradab is associated with the band kaliber 44 and the rapper magik .
abradab was born on 1978 - 11 - 12 in katowice .
abradab was born in poland in the city of katowice .
ace wilder is a hip hop musician whose style is similar to disco .
ace wilder , a solo singer , is on the record label of the warner music group .
agustin barboza , born in paraguay , is a member of the philips records label .
alan frew is a rock musician , which is a genre that is similar to bhangra .
alan frew is a rock musician whose style is similar to country music .
albennie jones is a jazz musician whose style is similar to the genre of blues .
aleksandra kovac is a solo singer who performs pop music .
aleksandra kovac is a member of the genre of rhythm and blu , which has the stylistic origin of the blues .
aleksandra kovac , who is in the genre of soul music , began her career in 1990 .
alex day is a member of the genre of synthpop , which has the stylistic origin of new wave music .
alfred garth jones was born in england in 1872 .
alfredo zitarrosa is a solo singer who plays the genre of milonga music .
alfredo zitarrosa is a solo singer who performs the genre of taquirari .
alfredo zitarrosa was born in uruguay and died in montevideo .
alfredo zitarrosa was born in montevideo and died in uruguay .
alfredo zitarrosa , a solo singer , is a zamba artist .
alison o ' donnell is associated with the bands bajik and plastik mak .
alison o ' donnell , who is in the genre of folk rock , is on the record label floating world records .
alison o ' donnell is a jazz musician who plays the voice , bodhran , percussion and autoharp .
allen forrest , a solo singer , is a hip hop musician .
andrew white is a musician who plays alternative rock , which is a subgenre of christian alternative rock .
anders osborne is a member of the band phil lesh and friends and is also associated with the band tab benoit .
anders osborne , who is in the genre of rhythm and blues , is on the record label of rabadash records .
anders osborne , who is in the genre of rhythm and blues , is on the shanachie records label .
andra singer , who is in the genre of pop music , began in 2000 .
andra singer is a member of the genre of rhythm and blu , which has the stylistic origin of the blues .
andrew rayel is a member of the band christian burns and is also associated with the band jonathan mendelsohn .
andrew rayel is a member of the band mark sixma and is also associated with the musical artist , jonathan mendelsohn .
andrew rayel is a member of the jwaydan moyine and armin van buuren bands .
andrew white is a musician who plays alternative rock , which is a genre that originates from new wave music .
the al anderson nrbq band play country music , which includes the banjo .
andrew white is a musician who is on the polydor records label which is located in london .
the 19255 1994 vk8 has an escape velocity of 0 . 0925 kilometre per second and an apoapsis of 6603633000 . 0 kilometres .
the 410777 2009 fd has a temperature of 211 . 0 kelvins and an apoapsis of 259776702 . 47055 kilometres .
410777 2009 fd was discovered by spacewatch and has a periapsis of 88234300000 . 0 .
66063 1998 ro1 was launched on 2013 - 11 - 04 and has an escape velocity of 0 . 0999 km / s .
66391 1999 kw4 was discovered on 2004 - 07 - 14 and has a 16244700 . 0 orbital period .
66391 1999 kw4 was discovered on 2004 - 07 - 14 and has a rotation period of 9953 . 28 .
james craig watson , who died of peritonitis , was the discoverer of 101 helena .
1036 ganymed has an average speed of 16 . 86 kilometreperseconds and an apoapsis of 611961000 . 0 kilometres .
walter baade , born in the german empire , is the discoverer of 1036 ganymed .
1036 ganymed was discovered by walter baade , a german .
james craig watson , who died of peritonitis , was the discoverer of 103 hera .
james craig watson , a national of canada , is the discoverer of 103 hera .
n . r . pogson , born in nottingham , is the discoverer of 107 camilla .
1089 tama , formerly known as a919 ha and 1927 wb , was born on 26th november 2005 .
1089 tama has a temperature of 179 . 0 kelvins and an apoapsis of 373513000 . 0 kilometres .
1097 vicia was published on 2006 - 12 - 31 and has a periapsis of 279142000000 . 0 .
109 felicitas has a temperature of 170 . 0 kelvins and an apoapsis of 523329000 . 0 kilometres .
109 felicitas was discovered on 2006 - 12 - 31 and has a periapsis of 283326000000 . 0 .
109 felicitas has a rotation period of 47487 . 6 and was discovered on 2006 - 12 - 31 .
10 hygiea has a temperature of 164 . 0 kelvins and an apoapsis of 523951582 . 33968 kilometres .
10 hygiea , formerly known as a900 ga , was discovered on 27th june 2015 .
110 lydia , with a mass of 6 . 7 kilograms , was discovered on 2006 - 12 - 31 .
110 lydia was discovered on 2006 - 12 - 31 and has a 142603000 . 0 orbital period .
a - rosa luna is a 125800 . 0 ( millimetres ) long cruise ship .
a - rosa luna was ordered on 22nd january 2004 and is 125800 . 0 ( millimetres ) long .
aidastella is operated by aida cruises which is located in germany .
aida cruises , located in rostock , is the operator of aidaluna .
aidaluna has a length of 252000 . 0 ( millimetres ) and a top speed of 40 . 744 .
aidastella was christened on 2013 - 03 - 16 and is 253260 . 0 ( millimetres ) long .
the alco rs - 3 was built by the montreal locomotive works and has a diesel - electric transmission .
the alv x - 1 has a diameter of 1 . 524 metres and has 2 rocket stages .
the amc matador was made in kenosha , wisconsin and was produced in 1974 .
richard a . teague , who designed the amc matador , is an employee of chrysler .
the ara veinticinco de mayo v - 2 is 192000 . 0 ( millimetres ) long and is from the country of argentina .
the alfa romeo 164 , which was made in milan , is related to the saab 9000 .
the alfa romeo 164 , which is made in italy , is a related transportation to the fiat croma .
the alfa romeo 164 , which is related to the lancia thema , was made in italy .
the alvis car and engineering company , located in the city of coventry , is the manufacturer of the alvis speed 25 .
the alvis speed 25 has a 4387 . 0 cubiccentimetres engine and a transmission that includes a single plate clutch , a 4 - speed gearbox , an all - silent and all - syncromesh centre change lever , an open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints , a spiral bevel , a fully floating back axle .
the alvis speed 25 has a transmission that is single plate clutch , separate 4 - speed gearbox , all - silent and all - syncromesh centre change lever , open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints , spiral bevel , and a fully floating back axle . the alvis speed 25 has a straight - six engine .
the amc matador was made by american motors , which was the predecessor of the eagle automobile .
the antares rocket was launched on 2014 - 01 - 09 from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport .
the ara veinticinco de mayo v - 2 is located in the country of argentina , where the leader is gabriela michetti .
ariane 5 was made by airbus defence and space and was launched from ela - 3 .
ariane 5 was made by airbus defence and space , which has the parent company airbus group .
aston martin v8 , which is related to aston martin rham / 1 , is made in the united kingdom .
aston martin v8 was made by aston martin and was followed by the aston martin virage .
the aston martin v8 , which is related to the aston martin dbs , was followed by the aston martin virage .
aston martin v8 was followed by aston martin virage , which was made by aston martin .
the final flight of the atlas ii was on 16 march 1998 and it has a diameter of 3 . 04 m .
the cape canaveral air force station is the launch site of the atlas ii , which was made by lockheed martin .
audi a1 is a car made by audi , which is part of the audi e - tron division .
audi , which has the subsidiary of ducati , is the manufacturer of the audi a1 .
audi , which has the subsidiary quattro gmbh , is the manufacturer of the audi a1 .
aidaluna is a caterpillar , which is a type of power . douglas r . oberhelman is a key person at caterpillar , which is the company that makes aidaluna .
the antares rocket is similar to the delta ii which is launched from vandenberg air force base .
the leader of finland is juha sipila and the country is the builder of the icebreaker , aleksey chirikov .
the american submarine nr - 1 was built by general dynamics electric boat , whose parent company is general dynamics .
the owner of mtu friedrichshafen is rolls - royce holdings and it is the type of power used by a - rosa luna .
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom , where aston martin v8 was made .
aaron s . daggett , born in maine , was awarded the purple heart and fought in the battle of fredericksburg .
ab klink was born in the netherlands and attended the erasmus university in rotterdam . he is a member of the christian democratic appeal .
abdul taib mahmud was born in the kingdom of sarawak and was the leader of malaysia . he was followed by abdul rahman ya ' kub who has a deputy called stephen yong kuet tze .
abdul taib mahmud was born in the kingdom of sarawak and is a member of the barisan ra ' ayat jati sarawak party . he currently resides in sarawak .
abdulsalami abubakar was born in the state of niger and graduated from the technical institute of kaduna . he was the chief of the defence staff in nigeria .
abdulsalami abubakar was a member of the nigerian air force and was the successor of olusegun obasanjo who was the vice president of the country .
abdulsalami abubakar , who was in the army , was the successor of olusegun obasanjo , who was the vice president of nigeria .
abel caballero was born in ponteareas , galicia , spain and worked as a member of the congress of deputies .
abel caballero was born in galicia , spain and is a member of the spanish socialist workers ' party .
abner w . sibal was a member of the united states army and fought in the world war ii . the commander of the world war ii was joseph stalin .
abner w . sibal was born in ridgewood , queens and is a member of the republican party . he served as a member of the connecticut senate from the 26th district .
adam holloway , a member of the grenadier guards , fought in the gulf war , where the commander was george h . w . bush .
adam holloway , born in faversham , graduated from magdalene college , cambridge and is a member of the conservative party ( uk ) .
adam koc was born in congress poland and fought in the polish - soviet war where the commander was leon trotsky .
adam koc fought in the polish - soviet war , which is part of the military conflict of the russian civil war and was commanded by leon trotsky .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens , greece and worked as the deputy parliamentary spokesman of the popular orthodox rally .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens , greece and served as the minister for health .
adonis georgiadis is in the new democracy party , which is blue , and was the prime minister of greece , while antonis samaras was the prime minister .
agnes kant is a dutch national who worked at the house of representatives in the netherlands , where the leader is mark rutte .
agnes kant is a member of the socialist party in the netherlands , where the leader is mark rutte .
agnes kant was born in west germany and graduated from radboud university nijmegen . she worked as a member of the house of representatives .
airey neave was a member of the british army who fought in the world war ii . he was active from 30th june 1953 to 30th march 1979 .
airey neave was a member of the british army who fought in the world war ii . he was a member of the british army from 1974 - 03 - 04 to 1979 - 03 - 30 .
albert b . white was born on september 22 , 1856 and died on july 3 , 1941 .
albert b . white , born in marietta , ohio , was the spouse of agnes ward white , who was the successor of william m . o . dawson .
albert jennings fountain was born on staten island and died in the united states where african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
albert jennings fountain was born in staten island , new york city and died in new mexico .
albert jennings fountain was born in staten island , new york and died in the united states .
alberto teisaire died in buenos aires , where the governing body is the buenos aires city legislature and the leader is horacio rodriguez larreta .
alberto teisaire was born in mendoza , argentina and served as a rear admiral . he was followed by isaac rojas .
alfons gorbach was born in the county of tyrol , austria and died in graz .
alfred n . phillips was born in connecticut and served as a member of the u . s . house of representatives from the 4th district . he was followed by albert e . austin .
alfred n . phillips was born in darien , connecticut and served as a member of the u . s . house of representatives from the 4th district . he was followed by albert e . austin .
allan shivers was a member of the texas state senate from district 4 , port arthur and was a member of the democratic party . he was succeeded by wilfred r . cousins jr .
alvah sabin was an active member of the vermont community , which has burlington as its largest city , until 1857 - 03 - 03 .
alvah sabin was born on 23rd october 1793 and was a member of the whig party in the united states , which was lead by henry clay .
alvah sabin was born in georgia , vermont and was a member of the whig party in the united states , which was led by daniel webster .
albert jennings fountain was born in the united states and fought in the american civil war , where the commander was abraham lincoln .
alfred moore scales fought in the battle of fredericksburg , which is part of the american civil war , where the commander is jefferson davis .
alfons gorbach was born in the county of tyrol and died in austria , where the leader is doris bures .
alfons gorbach was born in the state of tyrol and died in austria , where the leader is doris bures .
alfons gorbach died in styria , austria , where the leader is doris bures .
aaron s . daggett was a commander in the battle of salem church , which is part of the american civil war . robert e . lee was the commander of the battle of salem church .
ab klink was born in stellendam , netherlands , where the currency is the euro .
adam koc is a polish national , where the language is polish and the kashubians are an ethnic group .
19255 1994 vk8 has a mass of 5 . 6 kilograms , an escape velocity of 0 . 0925 kilometre per second and an apoapsis of 6603633000 . 0 kilometres .
410777 2009 fd was discovered by spacewatch and has a periapsis of 88234300000 . 0 and an orbital period of 39447000 . 0 .
66063 1998 ro1 has a temperature of - 71 . 0 degreecelsius and 500 . 0 kelvins . it has an apoapsis of 254989570 . 60815 kilometres .
66391 1999 kw4 has a density of 2 . 0 gram per cubic centimetre and an average speed of 37 . 16 kilometre per second . it has an apoapsis of 162164091 . 8388 kilometres .
1000 piazzia was discovered on 27th june 2015 and has a periapsis of 352497000000 . 0 . it has an orbital period of 488160 . 0 .
1001 gaussia , formerly known as 1923 oaa907 xc , has a periapsis of 419113394 . 55312 kilometres and was discovered on 27 june 2015 .
101 helena has a mass of 3 . 0 kilograms , an escape velocity of 0 . 0348 kilometre per second and an apoapsis of 441092000 . 0 kilometres .
walter baade , a german , was the discoverer of 1036 ganymed and his alma mater was the university of gottingen .
james craig watson , who died in madison , wisconsin , was the discoverer of 103 hera , which was discovered on 27 august 2011 .
james craig watson , who died in madison , wisconsin , was the discoverer of 103 hera . he died of peritonitis .
103 hera was discovered on 27 august 2011 and has a 1622 . 213 day orbital period . it is 437170000 . 0 km from the sun .
103 hera has a temperature of 170 . 0 kelvins , an escape velocity of 0 . 0482 kilometre per second and an apoapsis of 437170000 . 0 kilometres .
n . r . pogson , born in nottingham , england , is the discoverer of 107 camilla .
1089 tama , formerly known as a894 va , a904 vd , has a 1202 . 846 day orbital period and was discovered on 26th november 2005 .
1089 tama was discovered on 26th november 2005 and has a periapsis of 288749000000 . 0 and an apoapsis of 373513000 . 0 kilometres .
1097 vicia , formerly known as 1928 pc , has a periapsis of 279142000000 . 0 and was discovered on 2006 - 12 - 31 .
109 felicitas was discovered on 2006 - 12 - 31 , has a mass of 7 . 5 kilograms and an orbital period of 139705000 . 0 .
109 felicitas was in the 2006 - 12 - 31 epoch , has a 139705000 . 0 orbital period and 523329000 . 0 km is its apoapsis .
10 hygiea has a speed of 16 . 76 km / s , an orbital period of 5 . 57 days and an apoapsis of 523951582 . 33968 km .
10 hygiea has a surface area of 837080 . 744 squarekilometres , an average speed of 16 . 76 kilometreperseconds and an apoapsis of 523951582 . 33968 kilometres .
10 hygiea has a surface area of 837080 . 744 squarekilometres , an apoapsis of 523951582 . 33968 kilometres and a temperature of 164 . 0 kelvins .
110 lydia was discovered on 2006 - 12 - 31 and has a mass of 6 . 7 kilograms . it has a periapsis of 377016000000 . 0 .
110 lydia was in the sky on 2006 - 12 - 31 and has a periapsis of 377016000000 . 0 and an apoapsis of 440756000 . 0 kilometres .
aaron bertram is a member of the kids imagine nation and the suburban legends ( pop music ) bands .
aaron deer , who is from indiana , in the united states , is an indie rock musician .
aaron deer , a member of the genre of psychedelia , is from indiana , united states .
aaron turner is a member of the black metal band , greymachine and the twilight band .
aaron turner is a member of the twilight band and the greymachine band . he plays drone music .
aaron turner is a member of the twilight band and mamiffer . he is also a member of the genre of ambient music .
aaron turner , who plays the electric guitar , is a member of the black metal genre , which is a fusion of death metal .
aaron turner is a member of the black metal genre , which is a fusion of death metal and singing .
abradab was born on 12th november 1978 and is associated with the bands kaliber 44 and magik .
abradab , a rapper from the city of katowice , is associated with the band kaliber 44 .
ace wilder is a hip hop artist who is influenced by funk and disco .
agustin barboza was born in asuncion , paraguay , where the leader is juan afara .
al anderson , who is a member of the nrbq band , is a rock musician who sings .
alan frew is a rock musician who has a style of music that is similar to country and bhangra .
albennie jones is a jazz musician who has a style of music that is a fusion of afrobeat and the blues .
albennie jones , born in errata , mississippi , is a member of the genre of rhythm and blues , which is a derivative of disco .
aleksandra kovac is a member of the k2 kovac sisters duo and is a member of the bebi dol band . she is a pop musician .
aleksandra kovac is a member of the band bebi dol and kornelije kovac . she is a pop musician .
aleksandra kovac is a member of the k2 kovac sisters duo and is a member of the band k2 kovac . she is a member of the genre of rhythm and blu and is associated with the musical artist kristina kovac .
alex day is a member of the genre of synthpop , which is a style of pop music and disco .
alfred garth jones was born in england in the city of manchester and died in sidcup .
alfred garth jones was born in england and died in london .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester , united kingdom and died in london .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester , where the leader is the labour party ( uk ) . he died in sidcup .
alfred garth jones died in london , where the leader is boris johnson .
alison o ' donnell is a member of the band flibbertigibbet and mellow candle . she is a folk musician from ireland .
alison o ' donnell is a member of the band mellow candle and flibbertigibbet . she is a folk musician .
alison o ' donnell is a jazz musician who plays the voice , bodhran , percussion and autoharp . funk is a genre of jazz .
alison o ' donnell is a member of the static caravan recordings label and plays the genre of jazz which is a derivative of funk .
allen forrest , born in dothan , alabama , is a solo singer who performs pop music .
allen forrest , born in dothan , alabama , is a solo singer in the genre of rhythm and blu .
andrew white is a musician who plays alternative rock , which is a genre that has its origins in new wave music and is a fusion of the genre of nu metal .
anders osborne is a member of the band tab benoit and is associated with the musical artist billy iuso . he is also associated with the musical artist kirk joseph .
anders osborne is a rock musician who is affiliated with the record label , rabadash records . bhangra is a genre of rock music .
andra is a singer who is associated with the band puya and the genre of dance - pop .
andra singer is a member of the band andreea balan and marius moga . he is a member of the genre of rhythm and blu .
andra is a solo singer who is in the genre of rhythm and blues , which is a derivative of disco .
andrew rayel is a trance musician who is associated with christian burns and jonathon mendelsohn .
andrew rayel is a trance musician who is associated with the bands bobina and jonathan mendelsohn .
andrew rayel is a member of the band jwaydan moyine and christian burns , who is a member of the house music genre .
andrew white is a musician who is associated with marry banilow and the kaiser chiefs . he is also a member of the band universal records , which is now defunct .
aaron bertram is a member of the band suburban legends and plays the genre of ska punk which is a variation of ska .
albennie jones was born in errata , mississippi , united states , where african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
the 1955 dodge , also known as the dodge coronet , has a v8 engine and a 3 - speed automatic transmission .
a - rosa luna is a 125800 . 0 ( millimetres ) long cruise ship that was ordered on 22nd january 2004 .
a - rosa luna has a length of 125800 . 0 ( millimetres ) , a top speed of 24 . 0 and a ship displacement of 1850 . 0 tonnes .
aidastella is owned by costa crociere and operated by aida cruises which is located in germany .
aidastella was christened on 16th march 2013 and was in service on 17th march 2013 . it is 253260 . 0 ( millimetres ) long .
the american locomotive company built the alco rs - 3 which has a length of 17068 . 8 millimetres and a four - stroke engine .
the american locomotive company built the alco rs - 3 which has a v12 engine and is 17068 . 8 in length .
the american locomotive company , founded in schenectady , new york , built the alco rs - 3 which is 17068 . 8 millimetres long .
the united states is the country of the alv x - 1 and is home to the ethnic group of african americans . americans is the name given to the people of the united states .
the capital of the united states is washington d . c . and one of the ethnic groups are the native americans . the country is the origin of the alv x - 1 .
the total number of launches for the alv x - 1 is 1 , it has a 1 . 524 metres diameter and 2 rocket stages .
the abarth 1000 gt coupe was produced in 1958 and has a straight - four engine .
the abarth 1000 gt coupe has a body style of two door coupe , a wheelbase of 2160 . 0 ( millimetres ) and a width of 1 . 55 .
the aleksey chirikov icebreaker was built by arctech helsinki shipyard in helsinki and has a beam of 21 . 2 .
the alfa romeo 164 is a car that was made in italy , where the capital city is rome . the alfa romeo 164 is related to the fiat croma .
the alfa romeo 164 is a car from italy , where the capital city is rome . the alfa romeo 164 is related to the lancia thema .
the alfa romeo 164 , which is related to the lancia thema and the fiat croma , is made in arese .
the alfa romeo 164 , which was made in milan , is related to the fiat croma and the saab 9000 .
alhambra was launched on 31st may 1855 and has a length of 63800 . 0 ( millimetres ) and a beam of 8 . 3 metres .
alhambra was launched on 31st may 1855 and has a beam of 8 . 3 m . it is now a wreck .
the alvis car and engineering company , founded in coventry , is the manufacturer of the alvis speed 25 , which has a petrol engine .
the amc matador was made by american motors , which is owned by roy d . chapin jr . and has the eagle as its car .
the antares rocket , which is made by the yuzhnoye design office , is similar to the delta ii , which is a us rocket .
the antares rocket , which is a medium expendable launch system , was designed by the yuzhnoye design office and was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 .
ariane 5 was made by arianespace and was launched from ela - 3 at the guiana space centre .
aston martin v8 , with a 5 . 3 litre engine , is a related transportation to aston martin dbs and was built in newport pagnell , buckinghamshire , england , united kingdom .
the aston martin v8 , which has a 5 . 3 litre engine , is a related car to the aston martin dbs and was made in the united kingdom .
the united states is the country of the atlas ii which was launched from the vandenberg air force base and the cape canaveral air force station .
the united states is the country of the atlas ii . native americans are one of the ethnic groups of the united states and the leader of the country is the president .
the united states ' s atlas ii was launched from cape canaveral air force station and the spaceport , florida launch complex 36 .
the audi a1 , which has a 1 . 2 litre engine , is a hatchback that was made in audi brussels .
the audi a1 is a car made by audi and is related to the seat ibiza and the volkswagen polo .
aidaluna is a caterpillar , founded in california and located in peoria , illinois .
aida cruises own aidaluna which is powered by caterpillar , inc . which is located in illinois .
aidastella is operated by aida cruises and owned by costa crociere , which is located in genoa .
the antares rocket is a similar rocket to the delta ii which was launched from the vandenberg afb space launch complex 2 in the united states .
ariane 5 was launched from ela - 3 , which is located at the guiana space centre in french guiana .
ariane 5 was launched from ela - 3 , which is located at the guiana space centre in kourou , french guiana .
a - rosa luna was built by neptun werft , located in the city of rostock , in germany .
the united states is home to the ethnic group of african americans and the country where the demonym of the people who live there is americans . the country is the origin of the atlas ii .
aaron hunt is in the vfl wolfsburg club , plays for goslarer sc 08 and is in the sv werder bremen club .
aaron hunt is in the vfl wolfsburg club , which is managed by dieter hecking . he is also in the sv werder bremen ii club .
abel hernandez is a member of the youth club central espanol and plays for hull city a . f . c . he is also in the u . s . citta di palermo club .
abel hernandez is in the youth club central espanol and plays for u . s . citta di palermo and penarol .
adam maher , born in the netherlands , plays for psv eindhoven and az alkmaar .
akeem adams is a member of the united petrotrin f . c . club , which has its ground at palo seco . he is also a member of the w connection f . c . club .
akeem ayers , who was a member of the los angeles rams , was picked in the 2nd round of the draft and was the 39th pick .
akeem ayers , who was a member of the st . louis rams , was picked in the 2nd round of the draft and was the 39th pick .
akeem dent was born on september 27th , 1987 in atlanta , georgia and played for the atlanta falcons .
alaa abdul - zahra was born in iraq and plays for the shabab al - ordon club and the iraq national under - 20 football team .
alaa abdul - zahra plays for al kharaitiyat sc , whose ground is in al khor . he also plays for shabab al - ordon club .
alan martin , born on 1989 - 01 - 01 , is a member of the clyde f . c . club and plays for the hamilton academical f . c . club .
alan martin ( footballer ) plays for accrington stanley f . c . whose ground is in accrington . he is also a member of the motherwell f . c . club .
aleksander barkov jr . was born on 2nd september 1995 in tampere , finland and plays for the florida panthers .
aleksander barkov jr . was born on september 2 , 1995 in tampere , finland and was a member of the florida panthers draft team .
aleksandr chumakov was born in the soviet union and died in russia , where the leader is vladimir putin .
aleksandr prudnikov was born on february 24th , 1989 and plays for fc alania vladikavkaz and fc kuban krasnodar .
aleksandr prudnikov was born on february 24th , 1989 and plays for the fc tom tomsk club . he is also a member of the russia national football b team .
aleksandre guruli is in the azal pfk club and plays for olympique lyonnais , whose ground is parc olympique lyonnais .
aleksandre guruli is in the us lesquin club and plays for olympique lyonnais whose ground is parc olympique lyonnais .
alessio romagnoli plays for a . c . milan , the manager of which is sinisa mihajlovic . he also plays for the italy national under - 16 football team .
alessio romagnoli plays for u . c . sampdoria and a . c . milan , whose manager is sinisa mihajlovic .
alessio romagnoli plays for a . s . roma and the italy national under - 16 football team , whose coach is daniele zoratto .
alessio romagnoli was born in italy and plays for the italy national under - 17 football team . he is also in the u . c . sampdoria club .
alex plante , born in brandon manitoba , is 1 . 9304 in height and plays for the club anyang halla .
alex plante , born in canada , is 1 . 9304 in height and plays for the club anyang halla .
alex tyus plays for maccabi ashdod b . c . whose coach is zvi sherf . he is in the euroleague .
alex tyus is in the turkish basketball super league and plays for maccabi ashdod b . c . whose coach is zvi sherf .
aleksandr prudnikov is in fc tom tomsk and plays for fc spartak moscow whose ground is the otkrytiye arena .
aleksandr prudnikov is in the youth club fc spartak moscow , whose ground is the otkrytiye arena . he is also in the club fc anzhi makhachkala .
aleksandr chumakov plays for fc torpedo moscow , which is managed by valery petrakov and played in the 2014 - 15 season in the russian premier league .
abel hernandez is a member of the uruguay olympic football team and plays for hull city a . f . c . whose manager is steve bruce .
aleksandr chumakov was born in moscow , where the leader is sergey sobyanin . he died in russia .
abner , who plays for the brazil national under - 20 football team , is in the real madrid castilla club , whose manager is luis miguel ramis .
abner ( footballer ) plays for c . d . fas and real madrid castilla , whose manager is luis miguel ramis .
alex tyus was born in st . louis , which is part of greater st . louis and is lead by francis g . slay .
akeem ayers , who played for the new england patriots , is in the tennessee titans , which is based in nashville , tennessee .
akeem adams is a member of the trinidad and tobago national under - 20 football team and plays for united petrotrin f . c . whose ground is at palo seco .
aaron hunt is in the sv werder bremen club and plays for sv werder bremen ii which is managed by alexander nouri and is in the 3 liga league .
abel hernandez is a member of the youth club central espanol and plays for penarol . he is also a member of the hull city a . f . c . club , which is managed by steve bruce .
abel hernandez is a member of the youth club penarol , which is managed by jorge orosman da silva . he plays for central espanol and u . s . citta di palermo .
abel hernandez is in the youth club penarol and plays for u . s . citta di palermo who are in the serie a league and have had as their manager , giuseppe iachini .
adam mcquaid was born on 12th october 1986 in prince edward island and weighs 94 . 8024 kilograms .
adam mcquaid , who played for the columbus blue jackets , is in the boston bruins club , whose general manager is don sweeney . the columbus blue jackets are based in columbus , ohio .
akeem ayers was born on july 10th , 1989 and played for the st . louis rams . he was a member of the tennessee titans team .
akeem dent was born on september 27th , 1987 in atlanta , georgia and played for the houston texans .
akeem dent was born on september 27th , 1987 in atlanta , georgia and played for the atlanta falcons and the houston texans .
alaa abdul - zahra plays for al - zawra ' a sc and al kharaitiyat sc , whose ground is al khor . amar osim is the manager of al kharaitiyat sc .
alaa abdul - zahra is a member of the iraq national under - 23 football team and plays for al kharaitiyat sc , whose ground is in al khor . the manager of al kharaitiyat sc is amar osim .
alaa abdul - zahra is a member of the shabab al - ordon club and plays for al kharaitiyat sc , whose ground is in al khor . amar osim is the manager of al kharaitiyat sc .
alan martin was born on 1 january 1989 and is 185 . 42 centimetres tall . he played for crewe alexandra fc and is now at the hamilton academical f . c . club .
alan martin was born on 1 january 1989 and is 185 . 42 centimetres tall . he played for the scotland national under - 21 football team and is a member of the crewe alexandra f . c . club .
aleksandr prudnikov was born on 24 february 1989 , is 185 . 0 centimetres tall and plays for fc kuban krasnodar and fc dynamo moscow .
aleksandr prudnikov was born on 24 february 1989 and is 185 . 0 centimetres tall . he plays for fc spartak moscow and fc rubin kazan .
aleksandre guruli was born in batumi and is 178 . 0 centimetres tall . he plays for fc karpaty lviv and fc zestafoni .
alex plante was born on 9th may 1989 in canada and plays for anyang halla .
alex plante was born in 1989 in canada and is 1 . 9304 in height . he plays for the club anyang halla .
aaron boogaard was born in canada , where the anthem is o canada , the leader is elizabeth ii and the language is inuktitut .
aaron boogaard was born in canada , where the anthem is o canada , the leader is elizabeth ii and asian canadians are one of the ethnic groups .
aaron boogaard was born in canada , where the anthem is o canada , the leader is elizabeth ii and the language is slavey .
aleksandr prudnikov is in the fc terek grozny club , whose ground is in grozny . he is also in the fc kuban krasnodar club . the manager of fc terek grozny is rashid rakhimov .
aleksandr chumakov plays for fc torpedo moscow , which is managed by valery petrakov and has the chairman aleksandr tukmanov . the club played in the 2014 - 15 season in the russian premier league .
akeem dent , who played for the atlanta falcons , is a former player of the houston texans , who are based in houston , texas .
abel hernandez is a member of the youth club penarol , which is in the uruguayan primera division . he is also a member of the hull city a . f . c . club , which is managed by steve bruce .
19255 1994 vk8 was discovered on 31 december 2006 and has a periapsis of 6155910000000 . 0 , an apoapsis of 6603633000 . 0 and an orbital period of 8788850000 . 0 .
66063 1998 ro1 was launched on 2013 - 11 - 04 and has a 360 . 29 day orbital period . it has an escape velocity of 0 . 0999 km / s and an apoapsis of 254989570 . 60815 km .
66063 1998 ro1 was discovered on 4th november 2013 and has a mean temperature of 265 . 0 kelvins . it has a 360 . 29 day orbital period and an apoapsis of 254989570 . 60815 kilometres .
1000 piazzia was launched on 27 june 2015 and has a periapsis of 352497000000 . 0 . it has a 488160 . 0 orbital period and an escape velocity of 0 . 0252 kilometre per second .
1001 gaussia , formerly known as 1923 oaa907 xc , was discovered on 27 june 2015 by sergey belyavsky . it has a periapsis of 419113394 . 55312 kilometres .
walter baade , born in the german empire , was a doctoral student of allan sandage . he discovered 1036 ganymed .
walter baade , born in preussisch oldendorf , was a doctoral student of halton arp and attended the university of gottingen . he was the discoverer of 1036 ganymed .
walter baade , who died in west germany , was a doctoral student of halton arp and discovered 1036 ganymed . he was a student at the university of gottingen .
james craig watson , who died in madison , wisconsin , was a student at the university of michigan and discovered 103 hera . he died of peritonitis .
james craig watson , a canadian , died in madison , wisconsin . he was the discoverer of 103 hera , which has an apoapsis of 437170000 . 0 kilometres .
james craig watson , a national of canada , died in madison , wisconsin , from peritonitis . he was the discoverer of 103 hera .
n . r . pogson , born in nottingham , died in chennai , discovered 107 camilla , which has a periapsis of 479343000 . 0 kilometres .
n . r . pogson , born in nottingham , died in chennai , discovered 107 camilla on 2001 - 03 - 01 .
1089 tama , formerly known as a894 va , a904 vd , has a periapsis of 288749000000 . 0 and an orbital period of 1202 . 846 days . it was discovered on 26th november 2005 .
1089 tama was discovered on 26th november 2005 and has a 1202 . 846 day orbital period . it has a 0 . 0068 km / s escape velocity and a 373513000 km apoapsis .
1097 vicia was discovered on 2006 - 12 - 31 and has a mass of 9 . 8 kilograms . it has an orbital period of 135589000 . 0 and an apoapsis of 511592000 . 0 .
109 felicitas was discovered on 2006 - 12 - 31 and has a periapsis of 283326000000 . 0 . it has a 139705000 . 0 orbital period and an escape velocity of 0 . 0473 kilometre per second .
10 hygiea , formerly known as a900 ga , has a periapsis of 416136000000 . 0 and an orbital period of 5 . 57 days . it was discovered on 27 june 2015 .
1101 clematis was launched on 2006 - 12 - 31 and has a 183309000 . 0 orbital period . it has a 0 . 02 km / s escape velocity and a 520906000 . 0 km apoapsis .
1101 clematis , formerly known as 1928 sj , has a periapsis of 445895000000 . 0 and an orbital period of 183309000 . 0 . it was discovered on 2006 - 12 - 31 .
1101 clematis was discovered on 2006 - 12 - 31 and has a periapsis of 445895000000 . 0 . it has an escape velocity of 0 . 02 kilometre per second and an orbital period of 183309000 . 0 .
the 1955 dodge , made by dodge , has a v8 engine , a 3 - speed automatic transmission and a 120 . 0 inch wheelbase .
the desoto firedome is the sequel to the desoto custom , which is a car made by desoto . the desoto custom is a variation of the chrysler newport and the 1955 dodge .
aidastella was built by the meyer werft company and is owned by costa crociere . it is operated by aida cruises which is located in rostock .
aidastella is owned by costa crociere and operated by aida cruises . it was built by the meyer werft company and is 253260 . 0 ( millimetres ) long .
the american locomotive company built the alco rs - 3 between may 1950 and august 1956 . the rs - 3 has a v12 engine and a diesel - electric transmission .
the american locomotive company built the alco rs - 3 between may 1950 and august 1956 . it has a length of 17068 . 8 millimetres and a v12 engine .
the american locomotive company , founded in schenectady , new york , is the builder of the alco rs - 3 , which is 17068 . 8 millimetres long .
the v12 engine , which is found in the alco rs - 3 , was built by the montreal locomotive works between may 1950 and august 1956 . the alco rs - 3 is a diesel - electric transmission .
the alco rs - 3 was built by the montreal locomotive works between may 1950 and august 1956 . it has a four - stroke engine and 12 cylinders .
the amc matador , also known as the american motors matador , was made in mexico city and has a station wagon body style . the amc v8 is the name of the engine in the amc matador .
the amc matador , also known as the vam classic , is a mid - size car that was built in kenosha , wisconsin . the amc matador ' s engine is the amc straight - 6 .
the acura tlx is a mid - size car that was assembled in marysville , ohio . it has a honda k engine and is available in both front - wheel and all - wheel drive .
the acura tlx is a luxury vehicle that is made in marysville , has a v6 engine and is designed with a front - engine .
the arctech helsinki shipyard built the icebreaker , the aleksey chirikov , which is in service and has a beam of 21 . 2 .
the leader of finland is juha sipila and the people who live there are called finns . the country is the location of the building of the icebreaker called the aleksey chirikov which was built in helsinki .
the aleksey chirikov icebreaker was built by arctech helsinki shipyard in helsinki and is in service . it has a beam of 21 . 2 .
the alfa romeo 164 is a car that was made in italy . it has a straight - four engine and is related to the saab 9000 and the lancia thema .
the alfa romeo 164 is a car that was made in italy and has a v6 engine . it is related to the fiat croma and the saab 9000 .
alhambra was launched on 31st may 1855 , has a beam of 8 . 3 m and is 63800 . 0 m long . it is now a wreck .
the alvis car and engineering company , founded in coventry , is the manufacturer of the alvis speed 25 . the company was succeeded by the rover company . the alvis speed 25 is a petrol - powered car .
the alvis car and engineering company , founded in coventry , is the manufacturer of the alvis speed 25 . the alvis car and engineering company was the predecessor of the rover company . the alvis speed 25 has a straight - six engine .
the amc matador was made by american motors , which was founded by roy d . chapin jr . and is now owned by chrysler .
the american submarine nr - 1 was built by general dynamics electric boat and was launched on 25 january 1969 . it has a beam of 3 . 8 metres and a top speed of 8 . 334 .
the american submarine nr - 1 was launched on 25 january 1969 , has a length of 45000 . 0 ( millimetres ) , a beam of 3 . 8 metres and a top speed of 8 . 334 .
the antares rocket was designed by the yuzhnoye design office and was first launched on 21st april 2013 . it was last flown on 28th october 2014 . the antares rocket was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 .
the antares rocket was designed by the yuzhnoye design office and was launched on 21st april 2013 from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 . the antares rocket was the final flight on 18th september 2013 .
aston martin v8 , which was made in the uk , was followed by the aston martin virage . the uk capital is london .
aston martin v8 is a related transportation to aston martin rham / 1 and aston martin dbs . it was made in the united kingdom and has a 5 . 3 litre engine .
aston martin v8 , with a 5 . 3 litre engine , is a related transportation to aston martin dbs . it was followed by the aston martin virage , which was made by aston martin .
the atlas ii was launched on 2002 - 12 - 05 from the vandenberg air force base and cape canaveral air force station . it has a diameter of 3 . 04 m .
the audi a1 is a supermini with a 1 . 2 litre engine and a front - engine , front - wheel - drive layout . it is made in audi brussels .
audi , founded by august horch , is the manufacturer of the audi a1 . audi e - tron is a division of audi and the company has a subsidiary called ducati .
aida cruises own aidaluna , which is a caterpillar inc . ( founded in california ) powered ship .
aidastella was built by the meyer werft company and is owned by costa crociere , which is located in genoa . aidastella is operated by aida cruises .
the antares rocket was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 . it is similar to the delta ii which was launched from cape canaveral air force station in the united states .
the antares rocket is a similar rocket to the delta ii which was launched from the vandenberg afb space launch complex 2 and cape canaveral air force station in the united states .
the alfa romeo 164 is a sedan automobile that was made in italy . it is related to the fiat croma , which is similar to the opel vectra .
the alfa romeo 164 is a sedan automobile that was made in milan . it is related to the fiat croma , which is similar to the opel vectra .
the american submarine nr - 1 was built by general dynamics electric boat , whose parent company is general dynamics , in groton , connecticut . the ship has a beam of 3 . 8 m .
a - rosa luna was built by neptun werft in the city of rostock , germany , where the leader is stanislaw tillich .
the african americans are an ethnic group in the united states , where the capital city is washington dc and the language is english . the country is the origin of the atlas ii .
the united states is the country of the atlas ii . the capital of the us is washington d . c . and african americans are one of the ethnic groups there . americans is the name given to the people who live in the us .
aaron bertram is a member of the band kids imagine nation and the band suburban legends , which includes the trombonist brian robertson . aaron bertram is a member of the genre ska punk .
aaron deer , a solo singer , is from indianapolis , indiana and is in the genre of psychedelia .
aaron turner is a member of the isis and sumac bands and is a singer . he plays the genre of electroacoustic music .
aaron turner is a member of the twilight band and the old man gloom band . he is a post - metal artist who began his career in 1995 .
aaron turner is a member of the sumac band and plays the electric guitar . he is a member of the black metal genre which is a fusion of death metal .
ace wilder was born on 23rd july 1982 in stockholm and is a solo singer .
ace wilder was born on july 23 , 1982 in sweden and is a solo singer .
ace wilder was born in 1982 in stockholm and is a songwriter .
ace wilder was born in 1982 in sweden and is a songwriter .
ahmet ertegun , born in washington , d . c . in the u . s . a . , is a member of the non - performing personnel . he is a member of the genre of rhythm and blu .
ahmet ertegun is a rock and roll musician who originates from the united states , where african americans are one of the ethnic groups . the genre of rock and roll is stylistically similar to the blues .
albennie jones , who was a member of the genre of rhythm and blu , retired in 1950 . the genre of rhythm and blu is a derivative of the genre of disco and the blues .
albennie jones , born in the united states , is a jazz musician who was influenced by the genre of the blues . african americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states .
aleksandra kovac was born in belgrade in 1972 and is a pop music singer .
aleksandra kovac was born in the socialist republic of serbia in 1972 and is a solo singer . she is in the genre of rhythm and blu .
alex day , who is associated with the chameleon circuit band , is a member of the charlie mcdonnell band and has been active since 2006 .
alex day , who is associated with the chameleon circuit band , is a member of the charlie mcdonnell band and has been active since 2006 .
alfred garth jones was born in 1872 in manchester , england and died in london .
alfredo zitarrosa died in montevideo , uruguay , where the leader is daniel martinez and the people who live there are called uruguayans .
alfredo zitarrosa , born in uruguay , is a solo singer who is part of the candombe genre . he is a member of the rca records label .
alison o ' donnell , who is a member of the band flibbertigibbet , is a folk musician who started in 1963 .
alison o ' donnell , who is a member of the band mellow candle , is a member of the band head south by weaving and is a folk musician . she began playing in 1963 .
alison o ' donnell is a jazz musician who has been signed by both floating world records and the london based label of deram records .
alison o ' donnell is a jazz musician who has been associated with the record label fruits de mer and the london based label deram .
allen forrest was born in 1981 in fort campbell and is a solo singer . he plays the genre of acoustic music .
allen forrest was born in fort campbell , ky in 1981 and is a hip hop musician . he was born in dothan , alabama and is a solo singer .
andrew white is a member of the band marry banilow and plays the genre of alternative rock . the genre of alternative rock is a fusion of punk rock and nu metal .
anders osborne is a rock musician who is associated with the bands galactic and billy iuso . he is also associated with the musician tab benoit .
anders osborne is a member of the shanachie records label and is also a member of the alligator records label which is located in chicago and is a genre of blues .
andra was born in romania and is a solo singer . she is a member of the dance - pop genre and is a singer .
andra singer is a member of the genre of rhythm and blu , which is a derivative of funk and disco .
andrew rayel , who is a member of the band christian burns , is a trance musician who started in 2009 .
andrew rayel is a member of the band jwaydan moyine and christian burns . he is a trance musician , which is a genre that originates from house music .
andrew white , a member of the band marry banilow , is a member of the band the kaiser chiefs . he is an alternative rock musician who began playing in 2003 .
andrew white , who is a member of the band marry banilow , is a member of the band the kaiser chiefs . he is a member of the band the kaiser chiefs . he is a member of the band the kaiser chiefs . he is a member of the band the kaiser chiefs . he is a member of the band the kaiser chiefs . he is a member of the band the kaiser chiefs . he is a member of the band the kaiser chiefs . he is a member of the band the kaiser chiefs . he is a member of the band the kaiser chiefs . he is a member of the band the kaiser chiefs . he is a member of the band the kaiser chiefs . he is a member of the band the kaiser chiefs . he is a member of the band the kaiser chiefs . he is a member of the band the kaiser chiefs . he is a member of the band the kaiser chiefs . he is a member of the band the kaiser chiefs . he is a member of the band the kaiser chiefs . he is a member of the band the kaiser chiefs . he is a member of the band the kaiser chiefs . he is a member of the band the kaiser chiefs . he is a member of the band the kaiser chiefs . he is a member of the band the kaiser chiefs . he is a member of the band the kaiser chiefs . he is a member of the band the kaiser chiefs . he is a member of the band the kaiser chiefs . he is a member of the band the kaiser chiefs . he is a member of the band the kaiser chiefs . he is a member of the band the kaiser chiefs . he is a member of the band the kaiser chiefs . he is a member of the band the kaiser chiefs . he is a member of the band the kaiser chiefs . he is a member of the band the kaiser chiefs . he is a member of the band the kaiser chiefs . he is a member of the band the kaiser chiefs . he is a member of the band the kaiser chiefs . he is a member of the band the kaiser chiefs . he is a member of the band the kaiser chiefs . he is a member of the band the kaiser chiefs . he is a member of the band the kaiser chiefs . he is a member of the band the kaiser chiefs . he is a member of the band the kaiser chiefs . he is a member
agustin barboza died in asuncion , paraguay , which is part of gran asuncion . the leader of paraguay is juan afara .
the al anderson nrbq band is associated with the band nrbq and the wildweeds . they play country music which has the banjo as one of its instruments .
allen forrest is a hip hop musician , which is a genre that has its origins in disco and funk . hip hop is a genre that has its origins in disco and funk .
alfred garth jones was born in england , in the city of manchester , which is part of the greater manchester area , and is lead by the labour party .
aaron turner is a member of the twilight band and the house of low culture . he plays the cello and is a member of the post - metal genre .
aaron turner is a member of the twilight band , which is a black metal band . he plays the electric guitar . black metal is a genre of death metal .
albennie jones was born in the united states , where african americans are one of the ethnic groups . he is a member of the genre of rhythm and blu , which has its origins in the blues .
aaron s . daggett was born in maine and died in west roxbury . he was a member of the american civil war and was awarded the purple heart .
aaron s . daggett was born in maine and died in west roxbury . he was awarded the purple heart and fought in the battle of the wilderness .
ab klink was born in the netherlands and graduated from erasmus university rotterdam which is affiliated with the association of mba ' s . he worked at the ministry of health , welfare and sport in the netherlands .
abdul taib mahmud was born in malaysia and is a member of the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu party . he lives in kuching and is from the asajaya region .
abdul taib mahmud was born in the kingdom of sarawak and is a member of the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu party . he lives in asajaya .
adenan satem , born in the japanese occupation of british borneo , is the successor of abdul taib mahmud , who is a member of the barisan ra ' ayat jati sarawak party .
adenan satem , born in the japanese occupation of british borneo , is the successor of abdul taib mahmud , who lives in sarawak and is a member of the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu party .
abdulsalami abubakar , who was in the military , was the vice president of nigeria . he was preceded by mike akhigbe , who was the vice president before him . mike akhigbe was the vice president of nigeria , who was preceded by oladipo diya .
abdulsalami abubakar was the vice president of nigeria , and was in the military branch of the nigerian air force . he was the predecessor of al - amin daggash , and was followed by mike akhigbe , who was the previous vice president .
abel caballero was born in galicia , spain and served as a prime minister under felipe gonzalez . he was also in office while the monarch of spain was juan carlos i . the previous monarch of spain was francisco franco .
abel caballero was born in galicia , spain and is a member of the spanish socialist workers ' party . he was the minister of transport .
abraham a . ribicoff was born in new britain , connecticut , united states , where the native americans are one of the ethnic groups . he was the spouse of casey ribicoff .
adam holloway was born in kent and graduated from magdalene college , cambridge . he was a member of the gulf war and began his career on 5th may 2005 .
adam koc is a polish national who fought in the polish - soviet war , which was commanded by joseph stalin . polish is the national language of poland .
adam koc was a polish - soviet war commander who died in new york city . the polish - soviet war is part of the military conflict of the russian civil war and was commanded by joseph stalin .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens , greece and served as the vice president of new democracy . he was followed by makis voridis .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens , greece and worked at the ministry of economy , development and tourism . he was the successor of makis voridis .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens , greece and served as a member of the hellenic parliament . he was followed by makis voridis .
agnes kant is from the netherlands , where the currency is the euro .
agnes kant is a member of the socialist party in the netherlands , where the leader is mark rutte . she worked at the house of representatives in the netherlands .
agnes kant is a dutch national whose leader is mark rutte .
agnes kant is a member of the socialist party of the netherlands , which is led by emile roemer and has the colour red .
airey neave was born in knightsbridge , london and was a member of the british army . he was a member of the british army from 1953 - 06 - 30 to 1979 - 03 - 30 . he fought in the battle of france .
airey neave was born in knightsbridge , london and was a member of the british army . he was a member of the british army from 1974 - 03 - 04 to 1979 - 03 - 30 . he fought in the battle of france .
airey neave was a member of the royal artillery , which is based in hohne . he fought in the world war ii , which was commanded by chiang kai - shek .
albert b . white was born in cleveland and died in parkersburg , west virginia . william m . o . dawson , born in bloomington , maryland , was his successor .
albert b . white was born in cleveland and was active from 1901 - 03 - 04 to 1905 - 03 - 04 . william m . o . dawson was his successor .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york , where french is one of the languages spoken . he fought in the american civil war , where the commander was abraham lincoln .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york city and died in dona ana county , new mexico . he fought in the american civil war , where the commander was jefferson davis .
albert jennings fountain was born in staten island , new york and died in new mexico .
alberto teisaire was a member of the justicialist party and was in the office of president while horacio rodriguez larreta was the leader of buenos aires . he died in the city .
alberto teisaire was born in mendoza , argentina and served as a rear admiral . he was the provisional president of the argentine senate and was followed by isaac rojas .
alfred moore scales was born in reidsville , north carolina and was a member of the democratic party . he was the governor of north carolina and was followed by daniel gould fowle .
alfred n . phillips was born in connecticut and served in the united states army . he was a member of the u . s . house of representatives from the 4th district . the us army fought in the whiskey rebellion .
alfred n . phillips was born in connecticut and was a member of the democratic party . he was a member of the u . s . house of representatives from the 4th district . he was succeeded by albert e . austin .
alfred n . phillips was born in darien , connecticut and was a member of the democratic party in the united states . he was the mayor of stamford , connecticut and was followed by albert e . austin .
allan shivers was born in lufkin , texas and was a member of the democratic party in the united states . he was the governor of texas and was followed by price daniel .
allan shivers was born in lufkin , texas and was a member of the democratic party in the united states . he was the governor of texas and was followed by wilfred r . cousins jr .
alvah sabin , who worked as the secretary of state of vermont , is from the 3rd congressional district of vermont , where the largest city is burlington .
alvah sabin is a member of the whig party in the united states , which is lead by daniel webster . alvah is from vermont , where the largest city is burlington .
aaron s . daggett was a member of the us army who was awarded the purple heart . he fought in the battle of gettysburg which is part of the american civil war , where robert e . lee was the commander .
alberto teisaire is from argentina , where the language is spanish . he was the president of the country , and was in office while the labour party was in control .
alberto teisaire was born in mendoza , argentina and was the president of the country . he was followed by isaac rojas . the labour party is the party of the president , juan peron .
aidastella was built by the german company of meyer werft and is owned by the company of costa crociere , whose parent company is carnival corporation & plc . aidastella is operated by aida cruises , which is located in germany .
aidastella is operated by aida cruises and was built by the shipbuilder , meyer werft . it has a length of 253260 . 0 ( millimetres ) , a beam of 32 . 2 and a top speed of 38 . 892 .
the american locomotive company built the alco rs - 3 between may 1950 and august 1956 . it has a four - stroke engine , 12 cylinders and is 17068 . 8 in length .
the american locomotive company built the alco rs - 3 between may 1950 and august 1956 . it has a v12 engine , 12 cylinders and is 17068 . 8 in length .
the united states is the country of the alv x - 1 . the capital of the us is washington d . c . and the anthem is the star - spangled banner . native americans are one of the ethnic groups of the us .
the amc matador , also known as the american motors matador , is a mid - size car that was made in thames , new zealand . it has a v8 engine and a station wagon body style .
the alhambra was built by the samuda brothers and is owned by the p & o company which is located in london . the alhambra has a beam of 8 . 3 m and its power type is humphrys tennant and dykes .
the amc matador was made by american motors , which was founded by roy d . chapin jr . and is owned by chrysler . the company is the parent company of wheel horse and has been the manufacturer of the eagle automobile .
the american submarine nr - 1 was launched on 25 january 1969 and has a length of 45000 . 0 ( millimetres ) , a beam of 3 . 8 metres , a top speed of 8 . 334 and a draft of 4 . 6 metres .
the antares rocket , which is similar to the delta ii , was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport . the delta ii was originally from the united states . the antares rocket was also launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 , which is associated with the minotaur iv rocket .
the antares rocket was designed by the yuzhnoye design office and was launched on 28th october 2014 from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 . the antares rocket has a diameter of 3 . 9 metres and was in service until 13th july 2014 .
the antares rocket was designed by the yuzhnoye design office and was launched on 28th october 2014 from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 . the rocket was 3 . 9 metres in diameter and was in service until 18th september 2013 .
ariane 5 was made by airbus defence and space and was launched on 11 august 2005 from the guiana space centre . it was the last flight on 18 december 2009 .
ariane 5 was launched from ela - 3 , which is operated by arianespace , located in the city of courcouronnes . ela - 3 is located at the guiana space centre , french guiana .
aston martin v8 was made in newport pagnell and has a 5 . 3 litre engine . it was preceded by the aston martin dbs and the aston martin vantage .
aston martin v8 is a related mean of transportation to aston martin rham / 1 and aston martin dbs . it has a 5 . 3 litre engine and is a coupe . it was built in newport pagnell .
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom , where aston martin v8 was made . the v8 was a successor to the aston martin virage , which was made by aston martin .
the audi a1 is a supermini , which is a hatchback . it was designed in brussels , belgium and has a 1 . 2 litre engine . it is a front - engine , front - wheel - drive .
audi was founded by august horch and is the manufacturer of the audi a1 . the company is also the subsidiary of lamborghini and ducati . audi e - tron is the division of audi .
aida cruises own aidaluna , which is a caterpillar inc . the company was founded in california , united states and is located in peoria , illinois .
aida cruises , located in rostock , owns aidaluna . the company was founded in the united states and is called caterpillar , inc . the key leader of caterpillar , inc . is douglas r . oberhelman .
aida cruises own aidaluna , which is a caterpillar inc . ship . the company was founded in the united states and has douglas r . oberhelman as a key leader .
aidastella was built by the meyer werft company and is owned by costa crociere , which is located in genoa and has the parent company of carnival corporation & plc . aidastella is operated by aida cruises .
the leader of finland is juha sipila , the language is the sami languages and the people are known as finns . the country is the location of the arctech helsinki shipyard which built the icebreaker known as the aleksey chirikov .
the capital of germany is berlin and the leader is joachim gauck . the country is the location of the company neptun werft which built the a - rosa luna .
the capital of germany is berlin and the leader is andreas vosskuhle . the country is the location of the company neptun werft which built the a - rosa luna .
the united states is the country of the atlas ii . the capital of the us is washington d . c . and the language is english . native americans are one of the ethnic groups of the us .
abel hernandez is a member of the youth club penarol , which is managed by jorge orosman da silva . he plays for central espanol , which is in the uruguayan segunda division . he is also a member of the u . s . citta di palermo club .
aleksandr chumakov was a member of the soviet union national football team and played for fc torpedo moscow , whose manager is valery petrakov . he died in russia , where the leader is valentina matviyenko .
aleksandre guruli is in the fc karpaty lviv club , which is managed by oleh luzhny . he is also in the olympique lyonnais club , whose chairman is jean - michel aulas and whose ground is the parc olympique lyonnais .
alessio romagnoli is a member of the u . c . sampdoria club and plays as a defender . he is also in the a . c . milan club which is managed by sinisa mihajlovic and plays in the serie a league .
alessio romagnoli is in the u . c . sampdoria club and plays for the italy national under - 17 football team . he is currently at the a . c . milan club , which is managed by sinisa mihajlovic and has silvio berlusconi as its chairman .
abel hernandez is a member of the u . s . citta di palermo club , which is managed by giuseppe iachini . he is also a member of the uruguayan national football team and plays for central espanol , which is in the uruguayan segunda division .
aleksandr prudnikov is in fc spartak moscow , which has the chairman of the club as sergey rodionov . the club ' s ground is the otkrytiye arena . he is also in fc amkar perm , which is managed by gadzhi gadzhiyev .
aleksandr prudnikov is in the fc spartak moscow club , which has the chairman , sergey rodionov . he is also in the fc terek grozny club , which has the ground in grozny and the manager , rashid rakhimov .
aleksandr prudnikov is in the youth club fc spartak moscow and plays for fc terek grozny . he is in the club fc dynamo moscow and his manager is rashid rakhimov .
aleksandr chumakov was born in the soviet union and plays for fc torpedo moscow . he is in the national football team of the country and the club played in the 2014 - 15 season in the russian premier league . the manager of fc torpedo moscow is valery petrakov .
akeem adams is a member of the united petrotrin f . c . club , which has its ground at palo seco . he is also a member of the ferencvarosi tc club , which is managed by thomas doll and has gabor kubatov as its chairman .
akeem adams is a member of the united petrotrin f . c . club , which has its ground at the palo seco velodrome . he is also a member of the ferencvarosi tc club , which is managed by thomas doll and has gabor kubatov as its chairman .
19255 1994 vk8 was launched on 31 december 2006 and has a mass of 5 . 6 kilograms . it has a periapsis of 6155910000000 . 0 and an apoapsis of 6603633000 . 0 kilometres .
james craig watson was born in canada and attended the university of michigan . he died in madison , wisconsin . he discovered 101 helena on 15 august 1868 .
james craig watson was born in canada and attended the university of michigan . he died in madison , wisconsin , from peritonitis . he was the discoverer of 101 helena .
walter baade was born in the german empire and attended the university of gottingen . he was a doctoral student of allan sandage and discovered 1036 ganymed . he died in gottingen .
walter baade was born in the german empire and attended the university of gottingen . he was a doctoral student of halton arp and allan sandage . he discovered 1036 ganymed .
walter baade was born in the german empire and graduated from the university of gottingen . he was a doctoral student of allan sandage and discovered 1036 ganymed .
james craig watson was born in canada and graduated from the university of michigan . he died in madison , wisconsin . he discovered 103 hera on 7th september 1868 .
james craig watson was born in canada and graduated from the university of michigan . he died in madison , wisconsin . he was the discoverer of 103 hera which has a periapsis of 371240000 . 0 kilometres .
107 camilla was discovered by b . zellner on 2006 - 12 - 31 . it has a periapsis of 479343000 . 0 kilometres and an apoapsis of 560937000 . 0 kilometres . it has a 2368 . 05 day orbital period .
107 camilla was discovered by c . woods on 2006 - 12 - 31 . it has a periapsis of 479343000 . 0 kilometres and an apoapsis of 560937000 . 0 kilometres . it has a 2368 . 05 day orbital period .
107 camilla was discovered by f . vilas on 2006 - 12 - 31 . it has a periapsis of 479343000 . 0 kilometres and an apoapsis of 560937000 . 0 kilometres . it has a 2368 . 05 day orbital period .
n . r . pogson was born in nottingham , england and died in chennai . he was the discoverer of 107 camilla which has an absolute magnitude of 7 . 08 .
1089 tama , formerly known as a919 ha , 1927 wb , has a 1202 . 846 day orbital period and a 0 . 0068 km / s escape velocity . it was launched on 26th november 2005 .
1101 clematis was launched on 2006 - 12 - 31 and has a mass of 5 . 7 kilograms . it has an escape velocity of 0 . 02 kilometre per second and an orbital period of 183309000 . 0 . it has an apoapsis of 520906000 . 0 kilometres .
11264 claudiomaccone was discovered on 26th november 2005 and has a temperature of 173 . 0 kelvins . it has a periapsis of 296521000 . 0 kilometres and an apoapsis of 475426000 . 0 kilometres . it has a 1513 . 722 day orbital period .
abdul taib mahmud was born on 21st may 1936 in miri , malaysia . he is a member of the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu and lives in kuching .
adenan satem , born in the kingdom of sarawak , graduated from the university of adelaide and is the successor of abdul taib mahmud , who was born in the kingdom of sarawak and is a member of the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu party . adenan satem lives in demak jaya , jalan bako , kuching , sarawak .
abdulsalami abubakar was the vice president of nigeria , and was in office from 29th may 1999 to 29th may 1999 . he was preceded by mike akhigbe , who was in the navy , and was followed by atiku abubakar .
abdulsalami abubakar was a member of the nigerian army and was the vice president of the country . he was in office from 29th may 1999 to 29th may 1999 . he was preceded by oladipo diya and followed by mike akhigbe who was the vice president .
abraham a . ribicoff was born in the united states in the state of connecticut . he was a member of the democratic party and served as the governor of the state of connecticut . he died in the united states .
abraham a . ribicoff was born in connecticut , united states and was a member of the democratic party . he was the united states secretary of health , education and welfare and died in new york city .
abraham a . ribicoff was born in connecticut , united states , where the native americans are an ethnic group . he died in new york . his spouse was casey ribicoff .
adam holloway was born in kent and graduated from magdalene college , cambridge . he was a member of the grenadier guards and was a member of the parliament for gravesham . he was active from 2005 - 05 - 05 .
adam holloway was born in faversham , kent , england and graduated from magdalene college , cambridge . he was a member of the conservative party ( uk ) and served in the grenadier guards . he was active from 2005 - 05 - 05 .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens , greece and served as prime minister . he was followed by makis voridis .
agnes kant is a dutch national who worked at the house of representatives in the netherlands , where the leader is mark rutte .
agnes kant is a dutch national who lives in doesburg . she worked at the house of representatives in the netherlands , where the leader is khadija arib . the leader of the netherlands is mark rutte .
agnes kant is a dutch national who lives in doesburg . the leader of the netherlands is mark rutte .
albert b . white was born on september 22 , 1856 in parkersburg , west virginia and died on july 3 , 1941 .
albert b . white was born in cleveland and died in parkersburg , west virginia . he was the spouse of agnes ward white and was followed by william m . o . dawson who was born in bloomington , maryland .
albert b . white was born in cleveland and served as the governor of west virginia . he was the spouse of agnes ward white and was in the office from 1905 - 03 - 04 until 1905 - 03 - 04 . william m . o . dawson was his successor .
albert b . white was born in cleveland and was a member of the republican party . he was active from 1901 - 03 - 04 to 1905 - 03 - 04 . william m . o . dawson was his successor .
alberto teisaire was the leader of argentina , where horacio rodriguez larreta is the leader of buenos aires . teisaire was in office while president of the country , which is lead by the labour party . teisaire died in buenos aires .
alberto teisaire was born on 20th may 1891 in mendoza , argentina . he was a rear admiral and worked as the provisional president of the argentine senate . he was succeeded by isaac rojas .
alfons gorbach was born in austria in the state of tyrol . he was a member of the austrian people ' s party and died in graz .
alfons gorbach was born in the state of tyrol in the city of imst . he was a member of the austrian people ' s party and died in graz .
alvah sabin was born in vermont , the largest city of which is burlington . he was a member of the 3rd congressional district in vermont and died in sycamore , illinois . he was active from 1857 - 03 - 03 .
alvah sabin was born in georgia , vermont and died in sycamore , illinois . he was a member of the vermont ' s 3rd congressional district . the largest city in vermont is burlington .
the american civil war was fought between the united states and the confederacy . the commander of the us army was jefferson davis . the us includes many ethnic groups , including native americans . alfred moore scales was a us soldier who fought in the battle of gettysburg .
the american civil war was fought between the united states and the confederacy . the commander of the us was jefferson davis . the us includes the ethnic group of native americans . alfred moore scales was a us soldier who fought in the battle of the siege of petersburg .
alberto teisaire is from argentina , where the language is spanish . he was the president of the country , and was in office while the labour party was in power . the leader of the country is juan peron , who is the spouse of eva peron .
aaron bertram is a member of the band kids imagine nation and the band suburban legends , which includes the trombonist brian robertson . he is also a member of the genre of ska punk , which is a style of punk rock .
aaron deer is a solo singer who is from indiana and is in the genre of indie rock . he is associated with the band wee giant .
aaron turner is a member of the black metal genre , and is the lead singer of the band , the lotus eaters . he is also the lead singer of the band , old man gloom . he was born in the united states , and began his career in 1995 .
aaron turner , who is from massachusetts , is a member of the twilight and the lotus eaters bands . he is a sludge metal artist who began his career in 1995 .
abradab was born on 12th november 1978 in poland and is associated with the bands kaliber 44 and magik .
ace wilder was born on july 23 , 1982 in sweden and is a solo singer .
ace wilder was born on 23rd july 1982 in stockholm and is a songwriter .
ace wilder is a hip hop artist , which is a genre that has its origins in funk and disco . hip hop is a subgenre of gangsta rap and is a style of music that is similar to drum and bass .
ace wilder , born in sweden , is a hip hop musician . hip hop is a genre that has its origins in funk and disco . it is also the genre of drum and bass .
al anderson was born in windsor , connecticut and is a member of the nrbq band . the band was born in 1966 and is a rock band .
the al anderson nrbq band , which has the genre of rock , is associated with the band nrbq . the band plays the guitar and the genre of rock is a fusion of bhangra and country music .
alan frew was born in coatbridge , newmarket , ontario and is a musician . he is a solo singer .
aleksandra kovac was born in the socialist republic of serbia in 1972 and is a solo singer . pop music is a genre that is a fusion of disco and is the genre of aleksandra kovac .
aleksandra kovac , who is a member of the k2 kovac sisters duo , is a solo singer who began her career in 1990 . she is also associated with the band kornelije kovac .
alfred garth jones was born in 1872 in england and died in london .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester and died in london . london is lead by the european parliament and boris johnson .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester , where the leader is the labour party ( uk ) . he died in london , where the leader is the european parliament .
alison o ' donnell , who is from ireland , is a member of the band flibbertigibbet and mellow candle . she was a member of the band flibbertigibbet and mellow candle . she was a member of the band flibbertigibbet and mellow candle . she was a member of the band flibbertigibbet and mellow candle . she was a member of the band flibbertigibbet and mellow candle . she was a member of the band flibbertigibbet and mellow candle . she was a member of the band flibbertigibbet and mellow candle . she was a member of the band flibbertigibbet and mellow candle . she was a member of the band flibbertigibbet and mellow candle . she was a member of the band flibbertigibbet and mellow candle . she was a member of the band flibbertigibbet and mellow candle . she was a member of the band flibbertigibbet and mellow candle . she was a member of the band flibbertigibbet and mellow candle . she was a member of the band flibbertigibbet and mellow candle . she was a member of the band flibbertigibbet and mellow candle . she was a member of the band flibbertigibbet and mellow candle . she was a member of the band flibbertigibbet and mellow candle . she was a member of the band flibbertigibbet and mellow candle . she was a member of the band flibbertigibbet and mellow candle . she was a member of the band flibbertigibbet and mellow candle . she was a member of the band flibbertigibbet and mellow candle . she was a member of the band flibbertigibbet and mellow candle . she was a member of the band flibbertigibbet and mellow candle . she was a member of the band flibbertigibbet and mellow candle . she was a member of the band flibbertigibbet and mellow candle . she was a member of the band flibbertigibbet and mellow candle . she was a member of the
alison o ' donnell is a jazz musician who is affiliated with the stanyan and deram record labels , both located in london . funk is a genre of jazz .
alison o ' donnell , who plays the autoharp , is a member of the genre of jazz , which is a fusion of afrobeat and funk .
alison o ' donnell is a jazz musician who plays the voice , bodhran , percussion and autoharp . the genre of jazz is a fusion of afrobeat , blues and funk .
allen forrest was born in 1981 in dothan , alabama and is a solo singer . he was born in fort campbell and is a member of the acoustic genre .
anders osborne is a rock musician who was a member of the band galactic . he was also a member of the band voice of the wetlands all - stars and is associated with the band billy iuso . he began playing in 1989 .
anders osborne , who is a member of the band galactic , is a member of the band tab benoit and is a member of the band billy iuso . he is a member of the band galactic and is a member of the band tab benoit . he is a member of the band galactic and is a member of the band billy iuso . he is a member of the band galactic and is a member of the band tab benoit . he is a member of the band galactic and is a member of the band billy iuso . he is a member of the band galactic and is a member of the band tab benoit . he is a member of the band galactic and is a member of the band billy iuso . he is a member of the band galactic and is a member of the band tab benoit . he is a member of the band galactic and is a member of the band billy iuso . he is a member of the band galactic and is a member of the band tab benoit . he is a member of the band galactic and is a member of the band billy iuso . he is a member of the band galactic and is a member of the band tab benoit . he is a member of the band galactic and is a member of the band billy iuso . he is a member of the band galactic and is a member of the band tab benoit . he is a member of the band galactic and is a member of the band billy iuso . he is a member of the band galactic and is a member of the band tab benoit . he is a member of the band galactic and is a member of the band billy iuso . he is a member of the band galactic and is a member of the band tab benoit . he is a member of the band galactic and is a member of the band billy iuso . he is a member of the band galactic and is a member of the band tab benoit . he is a member of the band galactic and is a member of the band billy iuso . he is a member of the band galactic and is a member of the band tab benoit . he is a member of the band galactic and is a member of the band billy iuso . he is a member of the band galactic and is a member of the band tab benoit . he is a member of the band galactic and is a member of the band
andra was born in 1986 in campia turzii and is a member of the dance - pop genre . she is a solo singer and has been a judge on the tv show " the voice " .
andra was born in romania in 1986 and is a solo singer . she is in the genre of rhythm and blu and has been a singer for many years .
andrew rayel is a member of the band armin van buuren , bobina , and mark sixma . he is also a member of the band armin van buuren , bobina , mark sixma , jonathan mendelsohn , christian burns , jwaydan alexander , popov , jano , alexander popov , jonny rose , sylvia tosun , lira yin , alexandra badoi . he is a member of the band armin van buuren , bobina , mark sixma , jonathan mendelsohn , christian burns , jwaydan alexander , popov , jano , alexander popov , jonny rose , sylvia tosun , lira yin , alexandra badoi . he is a member of the band armin van buuren , bobina , mark sixma , jonathan mendelsohn , christian burns , jwaydan alexander , popov , jano , alexander popov , jonny rose , sylvia tosun , lira yin , alexandra badoi . he is a member of the band armin van buuren , bobina , mark sixma , jonathan mendelsohn , christian burns , jwaydan alexander , popov , jano , alexander popov , jonny rose , sylvia tosun , lira yin , alexandra badoi . he is a member of the band armin van buuren , bobina , mark sixma , jonathan mendelsohn , christian burns , jwaydan alexander , popov , jano , alexander popov , jonny rose , sylvia tosun , lira yin , alexandra badoi . he is a member of the band armin van buuren , bobina , mark sixma , jonathan mendelsohn , christian burns , jwaydan alexander , popov , jano , alexander popov , jonny rose , sylvia tosun , lira yin , alexandra badoi . he is a member of the band armin van buuren , bobina , mark sixma , jonathan mendelsohn , christian burns , jwaydan alexander , popov , jano , alexander popov , jonny rose , sylvia tosun , lira yin , alexandra badoi . he is a member of the band armin van buuren , bobina , mark six
andrew rayel was born in chisinau , moldova and is a member of the band armin van buuren . he is a member of the band christian burns and started playing in 2009 .
andrew rayel was born in chisinau , moldova and is a member of the band jwaydan moyine . he is also a member of the band bobina and has been active since 2009 . he plays trance music .
andrew rayel is a member of the band jwaydan moyine , which is associated with john digweed . he plays the string instrument and is a member of the band christian burns . he is a member of the genre trance music .
andrew white , who is a member of the band marry banilow , is a member of the band the kaiser chiefs . he has been a member of the band the kaiser chiefs since 2003 and has been a member of the band marry banilow since 2003 . he has been a member of the band the kaiser chiefs since 2003 and has been a member of the band marry banilow since 2003 . he has been a member of the band the kaiser chiefs since 2003 and has been a member of the band marry banilow since 2003 . he has been a member of the band the kaiser chiefs since 2003 and has been a member of the band marry banilow since 2003 . he has been a member of the band the kaiser chiefs since 2003 and has been a member of the band marry banilow since 2003 . he has been a member of the band the kaiser chiefs since 2003 and has been a member of the band marry banilow since 2003 . he has been a member of the band the kaiser chiefs since 2003 and has been a member of the band marry banilow since 2003 . he has been a member of the band the kaiser chiefs since 2003 and has been a member of the band marry banilow since 2003 . he has been a member of the band the kaiser chiefs since 2003 and has been a member of the band marry banilow since 2003 . he has been a member of the band the kaiser chiefs since 2003 and has been a member of the band marry banilow since 2003 . he has been a member of the band the kaiser chiefs since 2003 and has been a member of the band marry banilow since 2003 . he has been a member of the band the kaiser chiefs since 2003 and has been a member of the band marry banilow since 2003 . he has been a member of the band the kaiser chiefs since 2003 and has been a member of the band marry
allen forrest , born in fort campbell , is a hip hop musician . hip hop is a genre that has its origins in disco and funk and is a derivative of drum and bass .
allen forrest was born in 1981 and is a hip hop musician . hip hop is a genre that was influenced by disco and funk and is a derivative of drum and bass .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester , where the leader is the labour party ( uk ) . he died in london , where the parliament of the united kingdom is the leader .
agustin barboza was born in asuncion and died in paraguay . the leader of paraguay is juan afara and the language is spanish . mestizo is one of the ethnic groups of paraguay .
andrew white is a musician who plays alternative rock . he is affiliated with the b - unique and polydor ( london ) record labels . the genre of alternative rock is a fusion of nu metal .
andrew white is a musician who is part of the genre of alternative rock . he is affiliated with the polydor and universal records ( now defunct ) labels . the genre of alternative rock is a fusion of nu metal and rock .
the al anderson nrbq band play rock music , which is a genre that has its origins in country music and bhangra . the guitar is one of the instruments used in rock music .
the al anderson nrbq band play rock music , which has its origins in the genre of country music , which uses the banjo as an instrument . rock music is also a fusion of the genre of bhangra and the genre of blues .
aaron turner is a member of the band old man gloom and plays the electric guitar . he is also a member of the band twilight which is a black metal band . the genre of black metal is a fusion of death metal .
alfredo zitarrosa died in montevideo , uruguay . the country ' s leader is daniel martinez and the language is spanish .
