abilene , texas is served by the abilene regional airport .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport can be found in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas .
the runway name of adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is 18l / 36r .
the icao location identifier of afonso pena international airport is sbct .
afonso pena international airport serves the city of curitiba .
the al taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah .
the runway length of al - taqaddum air base is 3684 . 0 .
the runway name of alderney airport is 14 / 32 .
the runway length of allama iqbal international airport is 3360 . 12 .
amsterdam airport schiphol ' s 1st runway has the number 18 .
the 5th runway at amsterdam airport schiphol is made from asphalt .
amsterdam airport schiphol runway name is 06 / 24 kaagbaan .
andrews county airport is 973 metres above sea level .
andrews county , texas is the owner of the andrews county airport .
the runway length of andrews county airport is 896 . 0 .
the first runway at angola international airport is made from asphalt .
the elevation above the sea level ( in metres ) of antwerp international airport is 12 . 0 .
antwerp international airport is operated by the flemish government .
the runway length of appleton international airport is 2439 . 0 .
the runway length of ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is 518 . 0 .
the icao location identifier of ashgabat international airport is utaa .
the runway name of ashgabat international airport is 11 / 29 .
atlantic city international airport is owned by the south jersey transportation authority .
13 / 31 is the runway name of atlantic city international airport .
dutch is the language of belgium .
curitiba is part of the south region , brazil .
the people of denmark are known as danes .
fallujah is in iraq .
greenville , wisconsin is in the united states .
greenville , wisconsin is part of grand chute , wisconsin .
arabic is the language of iraq .
madrid is in spain .
maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan is part of the united states .
sardar ayaz sadiq is the leader of pakistan .
the port authority of new york and new jersey serves the region of new jersey .
houston is the largest city in texas .
the usaf bombed libya in 1986 .
the transport aircraft for the united states air force is the boeing c - 17 globemaster iii .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in the year 2000 .
carrol county maryland is southeast of adams county pennsylvania .
the leader of azerbaijan is artur rasizade .
the leader of azerbaijan is called the prime minister of azerbaijan .
the native name of the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is turk sehitleri aniti .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa .
250 delaware avenue has the postmodern style of architecture .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago .
the architect of 320 south boston building was george winkler .
the construction of 320 south boston building began in 1910 .
ac hotel bella sky copenhagen has 814 rooms .
james pain and george richard pain are the architects of adare manor .
adisham hall is located in haputale .
the akita museum of art is located in japan .
the college of william and mary is the owner of the alan b . miller hall .
the address of amdavad ni gufa is lalbhai dalpatbhai campus , near cept university , opp . gujarat university , university road .
asher and mary isabelle richardson house has the reference number 88002539 in the national register of historic places .
the architect of asilomar conference grounds was julia morgan .
asilomar conference grounds is designed based on the architecture style of " arts and crafts movement and american craftsman bungalows " .
the asilomar conference grounds were constructed in 1913 .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city .
buffalo new york is part of erie county new york .
byron brown is the leader of buffalo , new york .
county limerick is part of munster .
críona ní dhálaigh was lord mayor of dublin .
the leader of ethiopia is malatu teshome .
indian people are from india .
one of the significant buildings designed by julia morgan is the los angeles herald examiner building .
live nation entertainment is located in beverly hills , california .
manhattan is part of new york .
new york city is part of new netherland .
pacific grove is part of california .
white south africans are an ethnic group in south africa .
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom .
the isbn number of 1634 : the ram rebellion is 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
eric flint is the author of 1634 : the ram rebellion .
1634 : the ram rebellion is available in print form .
aids ( journal ) is published in the uk .
the oclc number of a glastonbury romance is 76798317 .
a glastonbury romance is available in hardcover .
a long long way is written in the english language .
a wizard of mars was written by diane duane .
the issn number of abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg is 0025 - 5858 .
above the veil was written by garth nix .
above the veil is available in print .
the acta palaeontologica polonica issn number is " 0567 - 7920 " .
the lccn number of addiction ( journal ) is 93645978 .
addiction journal is about addiction .
aenir is written in english .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in english .
the american journal of mathematics discipline is math .
the novel castle is written in english .
eric flint was born in burbank , california .
macmillan publishers is the parent company of farrar , straus and giroux .
a glastonbury romance is a notable work by john cowper powys .
soho press is located in the united states .
the book " the secret scripture " is published by faber and faber .
asian americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states .
english is the language of the united states .
a glastonbury romance preceded weymouth sands .
the manager of a . c . chievo verona is rolando maran .
a . d . isidro metapan play in the salvadoran primera division .
afc blackpool has the full name " association football club blackpool " .
a . f . c . blackpool ' s play area is the mechanics .
a . f . c . blackpool ground is in blackpool .
the ground of as gubbio 1910 is located in gubbio .
a . s . gubbio 1910 has 5300 members .
aek athens ' s ground is in athens .
aek athens fc played the 2014 - 15 season in the football league , greece .
azal arena is located in baku .
azal pfk play in the azerbaijan premier league .
az alkmaar played in the eredivisie in the 2014 - 15 season .
akron , ohio is located in the united states .
akron is located in summit county , ohio .
the full name of akron summit assault is " akron metro futbol club summit assault " .
amsterdam ' s leader is eberhard van der laan .
christian panucci played for chelsea f . c .
christian panucci played for inter milan .
frank de boer played for fc barcelona .
gubbio is in the region of umbria .
sergio mattarella is the leader of italy .
jens härtel played for fc sachsen leipzig .
jorge humberto rodriguez plays for fc dallas .
luciano spalletti plays for udinese calcio .
massimo drago played for a . s . d . s . s . nola 1925 .
michele marcolini played for atalanta b . c .
michele marcolini plays for vicenza calcio .
peter stoger plays for 1 . fc koln .
rolando maran plays for f . c . bari 1908 .
jong ajax is a tenant of sportpark de toekomst .
st vincent - st mary high school is located in the united states .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is in the state of alba .
b . m . reddy is the president of the acharya institute of technology .
mahe , india is northwest of kerala .
mendrisio ' s neighbouring municipality is meride .
the capital of romania is bucharest .
the dean of the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is thomas pallesen .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university has 16000 students .
alan bean ' s nationality is the united states .
buzz aldrin was the backup pilot of apollo 8 .
buzz aldrin graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 .
buzz aldrin was a member of the apollo 11 crew .
buzz aldrin was hired by nasa in 1963 .
benitoite is a gemstone found in california .
elliot see died on february 28 , 1966 .
elliot see died in st . louis .
elliot see is deceased .
april o ' neil was created by kevin eastman .
bananaman is broadcasted by the bbc .
ben urich ' s full name is actually benjamin urich .
bibbo bibbowski was created by jerry ordway .
bo bibbowski is often called bibbo .
bill oddie was born in lancashire .
the black pirate ' s alternative name is jon valor .
john buscema has won the eisner award .
the nationality of karl kesel is american .
marv wolfwan won the kirby award .
the nationality of peter laird is united states .
scott adsit was born in northbrook , illinois .
the area code for albany , georgia is 229 .
albany , oregon is part of the united states .
the leader of albuquerque , new mexico is called the mayor .
the leader of albuquerque , new mexico is the new mexico house of representatives .
the new mexico senate leads albuquerque , new mexico .
amarillo , texas has a total area of 233 . 9 square kilometres .
amarillo is part of randall county , texas .
anderson , indiana is part of richland township , madison county , indiana .
angola , indiana is located at 324 . 0 above sea level .
the area code for antioch , california is 925 .
antioch , california is part of contra costa county , california .
the population density , of arlington ( texas ) , is 1472 inhabitants per square kilometre .
the leader of atlanta is kasim reed .
the total area of atlantic city , new jersey is 44 . 125 square kilometres .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey .
attica , indiana is located at 166 . 0 above sea level .
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama .
the total area of auburn , washington is 77 . 41 square kilometres .
austin is part of texas .
spanish is spoken in california .
dunwoody is the largest city in dekalb county , georgia .
fulton county , georgia is in the united states .
anderson is the county seat of madison county , indiana .
michigan is in the united states .
the largest city in michigan is detroit .
orange county , california is located within the united states .
the largest city in oregon is portland .
the largest city in tarrant county , texas , is fort worth .
barack obama is the leader of the united states .
the united states house of representatives is located in the united states capitol .
pecorino romano is an ingredient of amatriciana sauce .
an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce is chili pepper .
white rice is an ingredient in arros negre .
arròs negre is from the catalonia region .
arros negre comes from the region of the valencian community .
ayam penyet is a dish from the region of singapore .
tomato is an ingredient in a blt .
baked alaska is a dish from hong kong .
bakewell pudding can be served warm or cold .
bandeja paisa is typical colombian cuisine .
chicharrón is one of the ingredients in the dish bandeja paisa .
bandeja paisa is from the paisa region .
barny cakes can be served in 30g sizes .
shumai is a variation of batagor .
the main ingredients of batagor are fried fish dumplings , tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce .
shrimp is an ingredient in batchoy .
beef kway teow comes from the country of indonesia .
bhaji and bajji are alternative names for bhajji .
taro is an ingredient in binignit .
cottage cheese can be used as a variation in the dish bionico .
bionico is from the jalisco region .
chicken is classed as a bird .
the currency in india is the indian rupee .
the leader of india is sumitra mahajan .
indonesian is the language of indonesia .
the leader of jalisco is aristóteles sandoval .
the banyumasan people are an ethnic group in java .
malaysian malay is an ethnic group in malaysia .
silvano aureoles conejo is the leader of mexico .
the spanish language is spoken in new york .
shumai is a dish from china .
peanut sauce is an ingredient in siomay .
malays are an ethnic group in sumatra .
the leader of the united kingdom is david cameron .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument , established in 2000 , falls under the category of contributing property .
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located on the monocacy national battlefield , with frederick , maryland as its nearest city .
the baku turkish martyrs memorial in azerbaijan is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku and is known locally as türk şehitleri anıtı .
akron , ohio is in the u . s . where african americans are an ethnic group .
albany is part of oregon which has the capital city of salem .
albuquerque , in new mexico , in the united states , is led by the united states house of representatives .
amarillo is part of texas , in the united states .
anaheim is part of california and is led by the united states house of representatives .
anaheim , california is part of orange county , california in the united states .
anderson , indiana is part of adams township , madison county , indiana , united states .
antioch , california is located at 13 . 0 above sea level and has a total area of 75 . 324 square kilometres .
arlington , texas is located at 184 . 0 above sea level and has a total area of 258 . 2 square kilometres .
arlington is part of texas , in the united states .
atlanta is in georgia in the united states .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of atlantic county , new jersey in the united states .
atlantic city , new jersey is in the u . s . whose capital is washington , d . c .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of atlantic county , new jersey in the united states .
atlantic city , new jersey has a population density of 1421 . 2 inhabitants per square kilometre and a total area of 44 . 125 square kilometres .
auburn is part of pierce county , washington , in the united states .
albany , oregon is part of the united states which has the capital city of washington dc .
amarillo , texas is in the united states where the capital is washington , d . c .
in the united states one of the ethnic groups is african american and albuquerque , new mexico is also located in the country .
albany , georgia is part of the united states where the native americans are an ethnic group .
auburn , alabama is in the united states where the native americans are an ethnic group .
akron , ohio is located in the united states , where the official language is english .
albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states where the leader is known as the president .
tomato is an ingredient of amatriciana sauce , which can be found in italy .
arem arem originates from the country of indonesia where jusuf kalla is the leader .
arrabbiata sauce can be found in italy where the italian language is spoken .
arrabbiata sauce can be found in italy where sergio mattarella is the leader .
an important ingredient in arrabbiata sauce , which can be found in italy , is chili pepper .
arros negre comes from the region of the valencian community in spain .
the main ingredients of asam pedas are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce and it is popular in indonesia .
ayam penyet is popular in malaysia and indonesia .
blt is a variation of both the club sandwich and the bacon sandwich .
bacon and sausage make up a bacon explosion .
a bacon sandwich can also be known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin . it always includes bacon as an ingredient .
another variation for a bacon sandwich is a blt which includes bread .
sponge cake is an ingredient of baked alaska which comes from france .
baked alaska is from france where manuel valls is a leader .
baked alaska is from the united states and has meringue as an ingredient .
a variant of bakewell pudding is bakewell tart which has fruit preserves as an ingredient .
vermicelli is an ingredient of the dish bakso which is from indonesia .
celery is a member of the family apiaceae and is an ingredient in bakso .
bandeja paisa is a dish from colombian cuisine and contains the ingredient chicharron .
barny cakes can be found in france where claude bartolone is the leader .
batagor comes from indonesia , it includes peanut sauce and is a variation on shumai / siomay .
you can use peanut sauce as an ingredient of batagor and siomay is a variation of the same dish .
beef kway teow is a dish from the country of singapore and it contains palm sugar .
beef kway teow is a dish from the country of singapore where the leader is halimah yacob .
the main ingredients for beef kway teow , a dish commonly found in singapore and indonesia , are : kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
indian people are from india , where bhajji originates from .
t s thakur is a leader in india where bhajji originates from .
the binignit dish can be found in the philippines where the igorot people are an ethnic group .
the main ingredient of binignit is banana and the dish can be found in the philippines .
the main ingredients of binignit are sweet potatotes , and it also contains bananas .
bionico is a food found in mexico where enrique pena nieto is the leader .
granola is an ingredient of bionico which comes from the guadalajara region .
bionico and cake are both a type of dessert .
bakso is a dish from indonesia where joko widodo is the leader .
shiitake is an ingredient of shumai which is a variation of batagor .
aarhus lufthavn a / s is the operation organisation of aarhus airport which has a runway length of 2777 . 0 .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport can be found in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas and is elevated 610 metres above sea level .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport can be found in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas and has a runway length of 3500 .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh .
al asad airbase is located at al anbar province , iraq and has a runway length of 3090 . 0 .
al asad airbase is in iraq where they speak arabic .
the united states air force was involved in battles at the invasion of grenada and operates the al asad airbase .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from poaceae which is in the class monocotyledon .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from asphalt and has a length of 877 . 0 .
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan where the leader is anwar zaheer jamali .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan and has a runway length of 2900 . 0 .
amsterdam airport schipol is - 3 . 3528 above sea level and the length of the first runway is 3800 metres .
amsterdam airport schiphol is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level and the 1st runway is made of asphalt .
the runway length of amsterdam airport schiphol , which serves the city of amsterdam , is 2014 . 0 .
the runway length of amsterdam airport schiphol , which serves the city of amsterdam , is 3300 . 0 .
andrews county airport is located in texas where the largest city is houston .
angola international airport serves luanda and its runway is 3800 long .
the runway length of ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is 597 . 0 and the 3rd runway surface type is poaceae .
ashgabat international airport is 211 metres above sea level and the length of the first runway is 12 , 467 feet .
ashgabat international airport is operated by turkmenistan airlines , headquartered in turkmenistan .
atlantic city international airport is located at egg harbor township , new jersey , united states .
the port authority of new york and new jersey is the operating organisation of atlantic city international airport , which has the runway name 4 / 22 .
the port authority of new york and new jersey is the operating organisation of atlantic city international airport , where the runway length is 3048 . 0 .
afonso pena international airport is operated by infraero located in brasilia .
1 fc magdeburg has 27250 members and played in the regionalliga in 2014 - 15 season .
verona , italy is the home to a . c . chievo verona which has 39371 members .
associazione calcio chievoverona is managed by rolando maran , who was born in italy .
a . d . isidro metapan ' s manager is jorge humberto rodriguez who plays for fc dallas .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and were in the 2014 - 15 a epsth , greece .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who plays for blackburn rovers f . c .
afc blackpool have had stuart parker as their manager who is a member of the irlam town f . c .
a . f . c . fylde has 3180 members and its ground is in lancashire .
the ground of as gubbio 1910 is located in gubbio and the club has 5300 members .
livorno is the location of the ground of as livorno calcio , this club playing in serie b .
a . s . livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who plays for a . s . roma .
the manager of acf fiorentina is paulo sousa , who played for juventus fc .
acf fiorentina fullname is acf fiorentina s . p . a . and they have 47290 members .
aek athens f . c ' s grounds are in greece and it has 69618 members .
the olympic stadium ( athens ) is the home ground of aek athens fc who compete in the superleague greece .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is sportpark de toekomst , with jong ajax as tenant .
azal arena is the ground of azal pfk who are located in shuvalan , baku , azerbaijan .
akron summit assault , has 3000 members , and played in the 2011 pdl season .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in gubbio , in the region of umbria .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy where pietro grasso is the leader .
luciano spalletti plays for empoli f . c . and manages a . s . roma .
eric flint is the author of 1634 : the bavarian crisis , which was preceded by the grantville gazettes .
virginia demarce is the author of 1634 : the ram rebellion which is available as an e book .
aip advances ( abbreviated to aip adv . ) has the eissn number 2158 .
the author of the book " a fortress of grey ice " is j . v . jones and is available in print .
a fortress of grey ice is 672 pages long and has the isbn number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
" a glastonbury romance , " by john cowper powys , was followed by " weymouth sands . " .
the oclc number of a long long way is 57392246 , and was published in both print and paperback .
a long long way is 292 pages long and has the isbn number 0 - 670 - 03380 - 4 .
penguin random house is the parent company of viking press who published a long long way .
a loyal character dancer was penned by qiu xiaolong and is in print .
a severed wasp has an oclc number of 8805735 and an isbn number of 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
the oclc number of a severed wasp is 8805735 and is available in hardcover .
a severed wasp is in the english language , which is spoken in great britain .
a severed wasp , available in print , has the isbn number 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
springer science and business media , founded by julius springer , is the publisher of abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is a fantasy literature book with the isbn number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians has an oclc number of 78771100 and an isbn number of 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is followed by alcatraz versus the scrivener ' s bones written by brandon sanderson .
the american journal of mathematics is abbreviated to am . j . math . and comes under the discipline of math .
johns hopkins university is the parent company of the johns hopkins university press who publish the american journal of mathematics .
1634 the ram rebellion comes from the united states where the capital city is washington d . c .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where the capital is washington dc .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where one of the ethnic groups is african american .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where african americans are an ethnic group .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where there are many asian americans .
the nickname of the 1 decembrie 1918 university in the state of alba is uab .
the acharya institute of technology is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum .
acharya institute of technology ' s president is b . m . reddy and it is located in bangalore .
the all india council for technical education in mumbai granted technical campus status to the acharya institute of technology .
awh engineering college is located in kerala whose leader is kochi .
april o ' neil was created by peter laird from the united states .
jill shilling starred in bananaman , broadcasted by the bbc .
graeme garden stars in bananaman , broadcasted by stv .
born in derbyshire , tim brooke - taylor , starred in bananaman .
the first appearance in a film for the character baymax was big hero 6 which starred alan tudyk .
the first appearance in a film for the character baymax was big hero 6 which starred scott adsit .
baymax , created by steve t . seagle , is a character in big hero 6 .
the comic book writer , roger mckenzie , is the creator of ben urich , whose full name is benjamin urich .
bibbo bibbowski was created by jerry ordway and marv wolfman .
bo bibbowski ( full name bibbo bibbowski ) was created by marv wolfman .
alan bean ( born on 1932 - 03 - 15 ) is now retired .
the test pilot alan shepard is now deceased .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on 1930 - 01 - 20 .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , essex county , new jersey .
william anders , born in british hong kong , was a member of the apollo 8 crew .
william anders , who graduated from afit , m . s . in 1962 , is now retired .
108 st . georges terrace has 50 floors and was completed in 1988 .
there are 45 floors of 200 public square in the united states .
20 fenchurch street has 34 floors , and a floor area of 62145 . 3 square metres .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago and has 60 floors .
the united states architect george winkler designed the 320 south boston building .
hok sve was the architect of the 3arena , which is located at east link bridge .
the 3arena is located in dublin and the architect was the company populous .
the tenant of the ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen is the marriott international hotel .
the architect of adare manor was george richard pain and the construction of the building was completed in 1862 .
adare manor is located in adare , county limerick .
addis ababa city hall is located in addis ababa , ethiopia .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka and has the architectural style ' tudor revival ' .
adisham hall , sri lanka , has the tudor revival architectural style .
the brazilians are an ethnic group in japan where the akita museum of art is located .
the akita museum of art at 142 nakadori has 3 floors .
the address of amdavad ni gufa is lalbhai dalpatbhai campus , near cept university , opp . gujarat university , university road , gujarat .
austin fernando is the leader of the eastern province , sri lanka , where ampara hospital is located .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , united states .
brooklyn is part of new york city , the location of asser levy public baths .
adare manor is located in county limerick , munster .
3 arena is located in dublin , republic of ireland .
alan bean , born in wheeler , texas , usa , is now retired .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey and was a united states national where joe biden is the leader .
buzz aldrin is a us national who graduated from mit with a scd in 1963 and was selected by nasa in 1963 .
american elliot see was born in dallas and studied at the university of texas at austin .
elliot see , who graduated from the university of texas at austin and was selected by nasa in 1962 , died in st . louis .
elliot see , who graduated from the university of texas at austin , died in st louis where francis g slay is the mayor .
elliot see died in st louis in france on 28 / 02 / 1966 .
alan shepard , who was born in new hampshire ( whose bird is the purple finch ) , spent 13017 minutes in space .
the printed book 1634 : the bavarian crisis was written by virginia demarce and eric flint and has 448 pages .
1634 : the galileo affair and it ' s sequel 1634 : the ram rebellion are both written in english , the language spoken in great britain .
alexander l . wolf is the leader of the association for computing machinery which is located in new york city and published acm transactions on information systems .
the aids ( journal ) is the academic discipline of hiv , studying hiv / aids and has the issn number 0269 - 9370 .
the aids journal , with issn number 1473 - 5571 , belongs to the academic discipline hiv / aids , predominantly hiv .
the united states is the residence of a t charlie johnson , editor of aip advances , who has stanford university for an alma mater .
a fortress of grey ice , by j . v . jones , has oclc number 51969173 and isbn number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
the book a loyal character dancer was written by qiu xiaolong . it has the oclc number 49805501 and the isbn number 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 .
a loyal character dancer is written in english and published by soho press in the united states .
a severed wasp was written in the united states in english which is spoken in great britain .
a severed wasp is a hardcover book with 388 pages and the oclc number 8805735 .
the abbreviation for abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg is abh . math . semin . univ . hambg . its lccn number is 32024459 and its issn number is 1865 - 8784 .
aenir is written in english and was followed by above the veil which was written by australians .
the book aenir was written by garth nix and above the veil followed up in english .
above the veil is a 248 page hardcover book written by garth nix .
the acta palaeontologica polonica ( abbrv . acta palaeontol . pol ) has an issn number of " 0567 - 7920 " and an lccn number of 60040714 .
addiction ( journal ) or addiction has an issn number of 1360 - 0443 .
john wiley & sons is the parent company of wiley - blackwell , who published addiction ( journal ) , which has the issn number 0965 - 2140 .
cornell university , new york , affiliated with the association of american universities , is the publisher of administrative science quarterly .
aenir , written by garth nix , is the prequel to above the veil .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians originates from the united states and is written in english , also spoken in great britain .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is a 320 page hardcover book with the oclc number 78771100 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where english is spoken as it is in great britain .
john cowper powys was born in shirley , derbyshire and died in blaenau ffestinlog . he wrote a glastonbury romance .
sage publications , founded by sara miller mccune , is the publisher of administrative science quarterly which has the issn number of 0001 - 8392 .
a severed wasp originates from the united states where the native americans are an ethnic group and the capital city is washington dc .
a wizard of mars is written in english and published in the united states where african americans are an ethnic group .
washington d . c . is the capital of the united states which includes many asian americans . it is also the origin place of a wizard of mars .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
1634 the ram rebellion comes from the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group and the leader is known as the president .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where the leader is known as the president and the native americans are an ethnic group .
the manager of fc magdeburg is jens härtel who played for 1 . fc lokomotive leipzig and sv germania schoneiche .
massimo drago has been the manager of a c cesena and plays for both a . s . d . licata 1931 and a . s . d . s . s . nola 1925 .
associazione calcio lumezzane spa ( abbreviated to a . c . lumezzane ) has 4150 members and plays in the lega pro / a league .
jorge humberto rodríguez manages the a . d . isidro metapan and plays for the alianza f . c . club and the el salvador national football team .
the ground of a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis is located in the town of efxeinoupoli . they have 1500 members and their chairman is antonis milionis .
afc blackpool ground is in blackpool , has 1500 members , and the full name association football club blackpool .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) . in the past he played for chesterfield fc . and runcorn fc halton .
dave challinor is at colwyn bay fc and is affiliated with stockport county fc . he manages a . f . c . fylde .
livorno , italy is the location of the ground of as livorno calcio which has 19238 members and the full name of livorno calcio s . p . a .
a . s . livorno calcio , managed by christian panucci , play in serie b . carpi fc 1909 are previous champions of that league .
a . s . livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who has played for chelsea fc and real madrid cf .
aek athens fc compete in the superleague greece are previous champions and ground is in greece .
aek athens are managed by gus poyet who played for chelsea f . c . and is in the real zaragoza club .
amsterdam - centrum is part of amsterdam where eberhard van der laan is the leader and afc ajax ( amateurs ) can be found .
amsterdam noord is part of amsterdam where eberhard van der laan is the leader and afc ajax ( amateurs ) can be found .
john van den brom is a player in i ̇ stanbulspor a . ş . and plays for jong ajax as well as managing az alkmaar .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca and they play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league in brazil .
luciano spalletti plays for empoli f . c . and manages a . s . roma . he also plays for udinese calcio .
massimo drago was at the club asd licita 1931 . he currently plays for s . s . chieti calcio and manages a . c . cesena .
massimo drago has been the manager of a c cesena and was at the club asd ss nola 1925 but he currently plays for u . s castrovillari calcio .
massimo drago plays for u . s castrovillari calcio and s . s . chieti calcio . he has also been the manager of a c cesena .
103 colmore row , designed by the architect john madin ( born in birmingham ) , is located at colmore row .
200 public square is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio ; frank g jackson is a leader in cleveland .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states , it has a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres and 12 floors .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago , which is part of dupage county , illinois . rahm emanuel is a leader in chicago .
the united states architect george winkler designed the 320 south boston building which has 22 floors .
hok sve was the architect of the 3arena , which was completed in december 2008 and is located on north wall quay .
marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen in denmark which has 23 floors .
marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen , which was designed by 3xn and has 23 floors .
augustus pugin was born in bloomsbury and designed adare manor and the palace of westminster .
philip charles hardwick was the architect of adare manor , which was completed in 1862 , and is owned by jp mcmanus .
adisham hall in haputale was finished in 1931 and is in the architectural style of " tudor and jacobean " .
adisham hall , sri lanka , designed in the " tudor and jacobean " style , was completed in 1931 .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka . the leader of sri lanka is ranil wickremesinghe .
adisham hall is located in sri lanka , sri jayawardenepura kotte and the currency is the sri lankan rupee .
the mason school of business is located in the united states and are the current tenants of alan b miller hall which was started to be built on 30 march 2007 .
julia morgan , born in san francisco , designed the asilomar conference grounds and the riverside art museum .
californian born julia morgan designed asilomar conference grounds and also significant buildings in chinatown , san francisco .
asilomar conference grounds is located on asilomar blvd , pacific grove , california . it was added to the national register of historic places on february the 27nd 1987 with the reference number 87000823 .
asser levy public baths is located in avenue a , manhattan . it was constructed in 1904 and added to the national register of historic places on 23rd april 1980 .
the asser levy public baths built in 1904 are located in new york city and were added to the national register of historic places on 23rd april 1980 .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin , from birmingham , uk , governed by the conservative party .
john madin , born in birmingham , designed 103 colmore row . the liberal democrats lead birmingham .
hailemariam desalegn is the leader of ethiopia where addis ababa city hall is located in addis ababa .
anandiben patel was the leader of gujarat where amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad .
marriott international , with bill marriott as a key leader , is located in bethesda maryland and is a key tenant of ac hotel bella sky corporation .
albany , georgia is part of dougherty county , georgia in the united states where one of the ethnic groups is asian americans .
the new mexico senate leads albuquerque , new mexico which has a population density of 1142 . 3 inhabitants per square kilometre and an area of 490 . 9 square kilometres .
fulton county is the location of alpharetta , georgia in the united states where one of the ethnic groups is african american .
asian americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states where alpharetta , a part of georgia , is also located .
the capital of the united states , which includes many asian americans , is washington d . c . alpharetta , georgia is also located in the u . s .
the utc offset for anaheim , california is - 7 . the area code is 657 , 714 and the total area is 131 . 6 square kilometres .
the california state senate , located in the california state capitol , leads anaheim , california .
the united states is home to anderson , indiana , which is part of lafayette township , madison county , indiana .
asian americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states where angola , indiana which is part of pleasant township , steuben county , indiana is located .
antioch , california is part of contra costa county , which is part of the san francisco bay area . the leader of antioch , california is the united states house of representatives .
arlington is part of tarrant county in texas which has the county seat of fort worth .
washington d . c . is the capital of the united states which includes many asian americans . atlanta is also located in the u . s .
atlanta has a population density of 1299 inhabitants per square kilometre , an area code of 404 and a total area of 347 . 1 square kilometres .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey in the united states where the largest city is newark .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of atlantic county , new jersey in the united states where the largest city is new york city .
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama in the united states .
auburn is part of washington ( state ) in the united states which has the capital city of washington dc .
olympia is the capital of washington ( state ) in the united states . auburn is part of that state .
atlanta is the capital of georgia ( u . s state ) which is the location of albany in dougherty county .
anderson is the largest city of madison county , indiana , united states , which is the location of alexandria .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey in the united states , where the capital is trenton .
houston is the largest city in texas where the english language is spoken . the state is the location of arlington .
attica , indiana is part of fountain county , indiana in the united states where the capital city is washington d . c .
attica , indiana is part of fountain county , in indiana , in the united states , where the capital is washington , d . c .
akron , ohio is located in the united states where the capital city is washington dc and the english language is spoken .
akron , ohio is part of summit county , ohio in the united states which includes many asian americans .
albany , oregon is part of benton county , oregon in the united states which includes many asian americans .
albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states where barack obama is the leader of the country which includes many asian americans .
albany , georgia is in the united states where the language is english and one of the ethnic groups is african american .
the asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states where the english language is spoken . the country is the location of angola , indiana .
operated by aarhus lufthavn a / s , aarhus airport , has a runway length of 2776 . 0 metres and a runway name , 10r / 28l .
adirondack regional airport serves the cities of lake placid and saranac lake , new york , and has a runway length of 2003 . 0 .
the adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is in paracuellos de jarama , part of the community of madrid in spain .
the icao location identifier of agra airport in uttar pradesh is viag . the airport is operated by the indian air force .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase in iraq which has a runway length of 3992 . 88 .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase and using mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle aircraft fighters . the 1986 united states bombing of lybia was carried out by the us air force .
the united states air force , who are the operating organisation for al asad airbase , were involved in battles at the invasion of grenada and deploy the mcdonnell douglas f15 eagle fighter aircraft .
alderney is served by alderney airport where the 1st runway is made from poaceae and has a length of 877 . 0 .
the pakistan civil aviation authority , headquartered at jinnah international airport , is the operating organisation of the allama iqbal international airport in pakistan .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan . the runway name is 18l / 36r and it has a length of 2900 . 0 .
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan , united states and is 210 metres above sea level .
andrews county airport in texas is 973 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1773 .
andrews county airport in texas is 973 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 896 .
andrews county airport is located in texas whose capital city is austin . english is one of the spoken languages in texas .
andrews county airport is located in texas ( united states ) , where the demonym is tejano .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp , a popular tourist destination in , german speaking belgium .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township ( a township in atlantic county ) , new jersey , united states .
the atlantic city international airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey which serves the region of new jersey and is headquartered at the four world trade center .
atlantic city international airport is located at egg harbor township , new jersey , united states . its runway length is 3048 . 0 .
lahore , pakistan is led by anwar zaheer jamali and is served by the allama iqbal international airport .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is found in madrid which is part of the community of madrid and the leader party is ahora madrid .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in madrid , spain , where the leader party is ahora madrid .
the people ' s party is the lead party of san sebastian de los reyes , spain , which is the location of adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania , in the united states , and has carrol county , maryland to its southeast .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in gettysburg , adams county , pennsylvania , which has carrol county , maryland to its southeast .
turk sehitleri aniti is the native name of the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial which is located in baku , the capital of azerbaijan .
the leader of azerbaijan is artur rasizade and the legislature is the national assembly . the baku turkish martyr ' s memorial is located in azerbaijan .
the atatürk monument is located in i ̇ zmir , turkey , where the capital city is ankara and the leader ' s name is ahmet davutoğlu .
guanciale is an ingredient of amatriciana sauce which comes from lazio in italy .
arem - arem is a dish of javanese cuisine and the main ingredients are compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings .
arrabbiata sauce includes tomatoes which are part of the flowering plant division and solanaceae family .
arrabbiata sauce is made with olive oil and is a traditional dish from rome , italy .
arrabbiata sauce is made with tomatoes and is a traditional dish from rome , italy .
asam pedas is a dish of fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce which is found in the malay peninsula in malaysia .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia where the capital is kuala lumpur and the leader is arifin zakaria .
the malaysian chinese are an ethnic group from malaysia which is where ayam penyet is from . it can also be found in indonesia .
the blt is a variation of both the club sandwich and the bacon sandwich . it contains lettuce .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where barack obama is the leader and white americans are an ethnic group .
the united states is the country of the bacon explosion . john roberts is the leader of the united states and the capital is washington d . c .
the blt is a variation of both the club sandwich and the bacon sandwich . the latter dish uses bread as an ingredient .
sponge cake is an ingredient of baked alaska which comes from both france and the new york region .
baked alaska comes from france where the leader is manuel valls and the currency is the euro .
baked alaska , containing christmas pudding , is from the new york region of the united states .
sponge cake is an ingredient of baked alaska , a dessert . cookies are also a type of dessert .
bakewell pudding is a dessert from the derbyshire dales region . some main ingredients in it are ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs .
bakewell pudding ( or tart ) originates from the derbyshire dales . some main ingredients in bakewell pudding are ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs .
beef is an ingredient of bakso which is a dish from indonesia .
columbian bandeja paisa ( paisa region ) includes the ingredient , avocado .
bandeja paisa is a traditional dish from the paisa region , colombia and one of its ingredients is hogao .
barny cakes can be found in france where both claude bartolone and manual valls are leaders .
the main ingredients of batchoy , which is eaten in the philippines , are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
the main ingredients of batchoy , which is eaten in the philippines , are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
beef kway teow is a dish that is popular nationwide in both indonesia and singapore . the leader of singapore is tony tan .
sesame oil is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a dish from singapore and also found in indonesia .
beef kway teow , a dish from singapore and indonesia , includes oyster sauce .
india , led by sumitra mahajan with the rupee as currency , is the origin of bhajji .
banana is an ingredient in binignit , a type of dessert . a cookie is also a type of dessert .
sago is an ingredient in binignit , a type of dessert . a cookie is also a type of dessert .
taro is an ingredient in binignit , a type of dessert . a cookie is also a type of dessert .
the order of solanales contains sweet potato which , along with banana , is an ingredient in binignit .
granola is an ingredient of bionico , a dessert found in mexico .
bionico contains raisins and is found in guadalajara , mexico .
bionico is a food found in mexico where the leader is silvano aureoles conejo and the currency is the mexican peso .
amatriciana sauce can be found in italy where the capital is rome and the leader is pietro grasso .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where one of the ethnic groups are the igorot and one of the languages is arabic .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore where english is spoken and the leader is tony tan .
tomato belongs to the family of solanaceae and the order solanales . it ' s an ingredient in amatriciana sauce .
the awh engineering college in kerala , india has 250 academic staff .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university .
the awh engineering college is located in kerala . kerala has mahe , india to its northwest and its leader is kochi .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . the country ' s anthem is deșteaptă - te , române and its ethnic group is the germans of romania .
the leader of romania is klaus iohannis . the country is the location of the 1 decembrie 1918 university and the home of one of the ethnic groups of romania who are the germans of romania .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 .
albert uderzo and french born rené goscinny , are the creators of the comic character asterix .
tim brooke - taylor starred in bananaman , broadcasted by the bbc , which last aired on 15th april 1986 .
baymax first appeared in the walt disney studios distributed film big hero 6 , starring scott adsit .
the distributor of the film big hero 6 , which stars scott adsit , is walt disney studios motion pictures . the character baymax appears in this film .
big hero 6 , distributed by walt disney studios motion pictures , starred ryan potter and included the character baymax .
the comic character blockbuster is also known as mark desmond and was created by carmine infantino and gardner fox .
larry bolatinsky is the alternative name for the comic character , bolt who was created by gary cohn and dan mishkin .
larry bolatinsky is the alternative name for the comic character , bolt who was created by gary cohn and ernie colon .
103 colmore row , birmingham , has 23 floors , work started on the building in 1973 and finished in 1976 .
two of the ethnic groups in south africa , where the capital is cape town , are the asian south africans and the coloured people . the country is the location of 11 diagonal street .
200 public square is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio , united states , which is governed by the cleveland city council .
250 delaware avenue in buffalo , new york , has 12 floors with a total area of 20843 . 8 square metres and cost 110 million dollars to build .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago , cook county , illinois , united states where rahm emanuel is a leader .
300 north lasalle , illinois , with 60 floors covering an area of 120770 . 0 square metres , was completed in 2009 .
3arena is located in dublin , leinster , republic of ireland and is owned by live nation entertainment .
marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen which was designed by architect 3xn and has 23 floors .
adare manor is located in adare , county limerick , munster , which is governed by the limerick city and county council .
the brazilians are an ethnic group in japan which is the location of the akita museum of art in akita , akita prefecture .
the filipinos are one of the ethnic groups in japan which is the location of the akita museum of art in akita , akita prefecture .
the vietnamese people are an ethnic group in japan which is the location of the akita museum of art in akita , akita prefecture .
the brazilians are an ethnic group in japan which is the location of the akita museum of art in akita , akita prefecture .
the college of william and mary is the owner of the alan b . miller hall , 101 ukrop way , williamsburg , virginia , which was completed on june 1 , 2009 .
narendra modi and sumitra mahajan are leaders in india where amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat .
asilomar conference grounds , constructed in 1913 , is located in pacific grove , california and was added to the national register of historic places on february the 27nd 1987 with the reference number 87000823 .
asser levy public baths is located in avenue a , manhattan . it was constructed in 1904 and added to the national register of historic places on 23rd april 1980 where its reference number is 80002709 .
the asser levy public baths are located in new york city , parts of which are brooklyn and manhattan ( where cyrus vance jr . is the leader ) .
the asser levy public baths are located in new york city , manhattan , united states . the leader of manhattan is gale brewer .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin , who was born in birmingham , with postcode area ' b ' , and led by andrew mitchell .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin , who was born in birmingham , uk ( postcode area ' b ' ) , governed by the labour party .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india . gujarat ' s leader is anandiben patel and sumitra mahajan was an indian leader .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india . two leaders of the country are t s thakur and narendra modi .
the brazilians are an ethnic group in japan which is the location of the akita museum of art in akita , akita prefecture .
elizabeth ii is a leader of the united kingdom which has the capital city of london and is lead by the parliament of the united kingdom . the country is the location of 20 fenchurch street .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states , where the leader is known as the president of the united states . one of the leaders in the united states is joe biden and the language used in the united states is english .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument , established in 2000 was built at seminary ridge , pennsylvania usa and is a contributing property .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in baku , the capital of azerbaijan , a country led by the prime minister artur rasizade .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial ( known locally as türk şehitleri anıtı ) has been dedicated to ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . it is located in azerbaijan , the capital of which is baku .
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in the district of the monocacy national battlefield in frederick county , maryland . it was established on 11 july 1907 . the nearest city to the battlefield is frederick , maryland .
turkey ' s leader is ahmet davutoglu and the capital is ankara . turkey is the location of the bronze ataturk monument in izmir .
turkey , where the leader is known as president , is the location of the ataturk monument ( izmir ) . the monument was designed by pietro canonica and inaugurated on 27 july 1932 .
albany is part of georgia ( u . s state ) in the united states where english is the language and one of the ethnic groups are the native americans .
albuquerque , in new mexico , has the area codes 505 and 575 . it has a total area of 490 . 9 square kilometres and a population density of 1142 . 3 inhabitants per square kilometre .
atlanta is the county seat of fulton county , georgia which is the location of alpharetta . alpharetta is part of georgia in the united states .
amarillo , texas is part of potter county , texas in the u . s . the capital is d . c . and one ethnic group is african american .
amarillo , texas is part of potter county , texas in the united states . the capital of texas is austin .
anaheim , california is part of california which has the language of spanish . the leader of california is the california state assembly which is located at the california state capitol .
the total area of anderson , indiana is 107 . 43 square kilometres and has a population density of 523 . 9 inhabitants per square kilometre . it is part of adams fall creek , lafayette , richland and union .
angola , in the united states , is part of pleasant township , steuben county , indiana . its total area is 16 . 55 square kilometres .
the utc offset for antioch , california is - 7 and the total population is 102372 . the area code is 925 and the total area is 75 . 324 square kilometres .
the total area of atlantic city , new jersey is 44 . 125 square kilometres and is lead by the mayor . the population density is 1421 . 2 inhabitants per square kilometre and the area code is 609 .
the asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states where auburn , lee county , alabama is located .
the african americans are an ethnic group in the united states where auburn , alabama is located in lee county , alabama .
auburn , washington is part of pierce county , washington in the united states ( capital : washington dc ) . it is also part of king county , washington .
auburn is part of king county in washington which is part of the state of washington in the united states where the capital city is washington dc .
the largest city in texas is houston , but austin , the capital , is part of hays county which has its seat in san marcos .
anaheim , california is part of california which has the chinese language . the leader of anaheim is the california state assembly which is located in the california state capitol .
atlanta is the county seat of fulton county which is part of georgia u . s . state in the united states . alpharetta is part of fulton county in georgia .
indianapolis is the capital of indiana which is the location of anderson . anderson is located in lafayette township , madison county , indiana , united states .
the english language is spoken in houston , texas , united states , which is the location of arlington .
albany , oregon is part of benton county , oregon in the united states . the capital of the united states is washington d . c . and one of the ethnic groups is african american .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey in the united states . the capital of the united states is washington d . c . and the largest city is new york city .
albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states where barack obama is the leader and his title is president of the united states . one of the ethnic groups in the united states are the african americans .
albuquerque is in new mexico , in the united states , where one of the ethnic groups is asian americans . the leader of new mexico is john sanchez , who leads the new mexico senate .
albany , oregon is part of benton county , oregon in the united states . the capital of the us is washington d . c . and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
barack obama is the leader of the united states where one of the ethnic groups are the native americans . the country is the location of albuquerque in new mexico which is lead by the mayor of albuquerque .
albany , georgia is part of the united states where the english language is spoken and the native americans are an ethnic group .
the asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states where the english language is spoken . the country is the location of angola in indiana .
the english language is used in the united states where one of the ethnic groups are the asian americans . the country is the location of angola , indiana which is part of pleasant township , steuben county , indiana .
the manager of fc magdeburg is jens härtel who is part of the sv babelsberg 03 club , the 1 . fc union berlin club and the fsv zwickau club .
rolando maran ( born in italy ) is manager of ac chievo verona and has played for f . c . bari 1908 and carrarese calcio .
italian born michele marcolini manages ac lumezzane . he is also part of the a . c . chievo verona club and owns torino fc .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis is in the league , epsth 2nd group , with 1500 members their ground is located in the town of efxeinoupoli and their chairman is antonis milionis .
the leader of blackpool is the conservative party ( uk ) . stuart parker , who once played football for stockport county fc is the manager of afc blackpool , whose ground is located in blackpool .
the leader of blackpool is gordon marsden . stuart parker , who once played football for stockport county fc is the manager of afc blackpool , whose ground is located in blackpool .
association football club fylde ( abbreviated to a . f . c . fylde ) has 3180 members , are based at warton , fylde , lancashire and played in the 2014 season .
based at bryning lane , the association football club fylde , or afc fylde played in 2014 and has 3180 members .
paulo sousa played for inter milan and juventus fc . he is now manager of acf fiorentina and plays for maccabi tel aviv f . c .
aek athens fc played in the superleague greece 2014 season . they have 69618 members and currently play their home games in greece .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is sportpark de toekomst which is operated by afc ajax . the grounds are owned by afc ajax n . v . and has a tenant of jong ajax .
the full name of afc ajax ( amateurs ) is amsterdamsche football club ajax amateurs and their nickname is joden godenzonen . they played in the 2014 season and have 5000 members .
john van den brom has played for the netherlands national football team and afc ajax . he now plays for vitesse arnhem and manages az alkmaar .
the vila nova futebol clube were champions at the campeonato brasileiro série c in which agremiação sportiva arapiraquense also play . their home ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca in alagoas .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca in alagoas , brazil . they play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca which is located in arapiraca , brazil . they play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league .
st vincent - st mary high school is the ground of akron summit assault , the school is located in akron , summit county , ohio in the united states .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where there are leaders called pietro grasso and sergio mattarella . italy ' s capital is rome .
peter stöger is in the sk vorwärts steyr club and is affiliated with the club fc admira wacker mödling . he is currently a player in fk austria wien while managing 1 . fc köln .
abilene , texas is served by the abilene regional airport whose runway name is 17l / 35r . the runway length of that airport is 2 , 194 and it is 546 meters above sea level .
adirondack regional airport serves the cities of lake placid and saranac lake , new york . it is located 507 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2003 . 0 .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport can be found in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas and is operated by enaire . the runway name is 18l / 36r and has a length of 3500 .
agra airport is operated by the indian air force and is located in india . its ata location identifier is agr , but the location identifier for the airport is viag .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase in iraq . the runway name is 08 / 26 and it has a length of 3990 . 0 .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase in the al anbar province , iraq . the runway name is 09r / 27l and it has a length of 3990 . 0 .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who were involved in battles at the invasion of grenada . they deploy the lockheed ac - 130 on their aircraft carriers and also use the mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle fighter aircraft .
the pakistan civil aviation authority is the operating organisation of the allama iqbal international airport in pakistan . the airport serves the city of lahore and has a runway length of 2900 . 0 .
amsterdam airport , schipol serves the city of amsterdam is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level and has runway 09 / 27 buitenvelderbaan which is 2014 . 0 in length .
amsterdam airport , schipol serves the city of amsterdam is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level and has runway 18l / 36r aalsmeerbaan that is 2014 . 0 long .
andrews county airport is located in texas and serves the city of andrews . the airport is situated 973 meters above sea level and has a 0 . 929km long runway .
texas , in the united states , is the location of andrews county airport . the demonym for the inhabitants of texas is tejano and the capital city is austin .
andrews county airport is located in texas in the united states . the state ' s capital is austin and english is spoken there .
angola international airport serves the city of luanda and is located in icolo e bengo , luanda province , angola .
antwerp international airport is owned by the flemish region and operated by the flemish government . it is located 12 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 600 . 0 .
the headquarters of turkmenistan airlines are located in ashgabat , turkmenistan . they operate ashgabat international airport and have a hub at turkmenbashi international airport .
at 94 metres above sea level , with a runway length of 3800 . 0 , athens international airport is located in spata and serves the city of athens .
atlantic city , n . j . , which is led by don guardian , is served by the atlantic city international airport located at egg harbor township , n . j . , in the united states .
atlantic city international airport is located at egg harbor township , new jersey , united states . it is owned by the south jersey transportation authority whose leader is stephen dilts .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp . antwerp is a popular tourist destination in belgium . a leader there is charles michel and one of the languages spoken there is german .
philippe of belgium is the leader of belgium where the french language is spoken . antwerp in the country is served by antwerp international airport .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of saranac lake , harrietstown , essex county , new york , united states .
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq . the kurdish languages are spoken in iraq , where there is a leader called fuad masum .
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq . haider al - abadi is a leader in iraq whose language is kurdish .
malik muhammad rafique rajwana is the leader of punjab , pakistan , where the allama iqbal international airport is located and serves the city of lahore .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from poaceae which belongs to the division of flowering plants and the order of commelinids . poaceae belongs to the class monocotyledon .
the bbc , which is located in broadcasting house in london , and where rona fairhead is a key person , once broadcast bananaman and has a product called bbc radio .
bananaman first aired on stv on october 3rd , 1983 . it was created by steve bright and starred jill shilling .
the american , duncan rouleau created the character of baymax who appeared in the film big hero 6 which starred ryan potter .
the comic character bolt , also known as larry bolatinsky , was created by gary cohn and ernie colon , a puerto rican national .
eric flint , born in burbank , california , is the author of 1634 : the bavarian crisis . demarce short stories in the grantville gazettes preceded 1634 : the bavarian crisis .
1634 : the ram rebellion was written by eric flint , virginia demarce , et al . and has the isbn number of 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 . it is published as an e - book and has 512 pages .
the aids journal is published by lippincott , williams & wilkins , which parent company is wolters kluwer . it is from the united kingdom , where the leader is elizabeth ii .
the hardcover book , a fortress of grey ice , was written by j . v . jones . it has the oclc number of 51969173 and the isbn number of 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
a loyal character dancer was written by qiu xiaolong . it was published in hardcover and has the isbn number 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 as well as the oclc number 49805501 .
a loyal character dancer is published in the united states and written in english , which is also spoken in great britain . native americans are one of the ethnic groups of the united states .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states . the language of the country is english and one of it ' s ethnic groups is asian american .
a wizard of mars was written by diane duane and published in hardback with 560 pages . it can be found by isbn number 978 - 0 - 15 - 204770 - 2 .
acta mathematica hungarica , or acta math . hungar . , focuses on math and has a lccn number of 83646315 and an issn number of 0236 - 5294 .
the acta palaeontologica polonica ( abbrv . acta palaeontol . pol ) is academically focused on paleobiology . it ' s issn and lccn numbers are 0567 - 7920 and 60040714 respectively .
the polish academy of sciences is the publisher of acta palaeontologica polonica which has the abbreviated name of acta palaeontol . pol . . it is identified by the lccn number 60040714 and the issn number of 1732 - 2421 .
cornell university is the publisher of administrative science quarterly affiliated with association of public and land grant universities and association of american universities is in new york .
cornell university is the publisher of administrative science quarterly affiliated with association of public and land grant universities is in ithaca , new york .
aenir is a paperback which was written by garth nix and has 233 pages . the isbn number of aenir is 0 - 439 - 17684 - 0 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where one of the ethnic groups is african american . it is written in english which is the language spoken in great britain .
the parent company of johns hopkins university press in the united states is johns hopkins university . it was responsible for publishing the american journal of mathematics which was first published in 1878 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where one of the ethnic groups is asian americans and like in great britain , english is spoken .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states , where barack obama is the leader . a wizard of mars is published in english , which is the language spoken in great britain .
a wizard of mars is written in english and was published in the united states . the previous president of the country was barack obama and asian americans are an ethnic group there .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states . in this country barack obama is the leader and they speak english , same as in great britain .
a severed wasp is from the united states where the language is english and barack obama is the leader . asian americans are one of the ethnic groups there .
alan bean was born in wheeler , texas and is from the united states . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and spent 100305 minutes in space .
alan shepard was a member of the apollo 14 crew , which was operated by nasa . the united states navy awarded the distinguished service medal to alan shepard , which ranks higher than department of commerce gold medal .
apollo 8 crew members included frank borman and william anders , who was born in british hong kong , whose representative is chris patten .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey and graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 . he was a crew member on apollo 11 and is now retired .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he was a fighter pilot and joined nasa in 1963 . he was a crew member of apollo 11 .
edwin eugene aldrin jr . otherwise know as buzz aldrin was a member of the apollo 11 crew awarded 20 times by nasa .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the us navy , which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal .
alan shepard was awarded the distinguished service medal from the united states navy . he died in california .
elliot see was born in dallas and graduated from the university of texas at austin . he died in st . louis .
william anders joined nasa in 1963 as a test pilot . he then went on to become a member of apollo 8 ' s crew .
the awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , india was established in 2001 . the ganges is a river in india .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , india . it is affilaited with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , india is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university . its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar .
the all india council for technical education in mumbai granted technical campus status to the acharya institute of technology . one of the sports offered at the institute is tennis , which is governed by the international tennis federation .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , alba county , romania ( capital bucharest ) .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark has a magistrate as its government . denmark ' s leader is lars lokke rasmussen .
the awh engineering college is located in kuttikkattoor , kerala and it has 250 academic staff . kerala ' s leader is kochi .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest ; its anthem is desteapta - te , romane ! and its ethnic group is the germans of romania .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , romania . the capital of romania is bucharest and its leader is klaus iohannis .
amatriciana is a sauce from lazio , italy . it includes tomatoes , guanciale , cheese and olive oil .
arrabbiata sauce can be found in italy where the capital is rome and the leaders include pietro grasso and sergio mattarella .
the main ingredients of arròs negre are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink , cubanelle peppers . the dish is from the catalonia region of spain .
the main ingredients of arròs negre are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers . the dish is from the catalonia region of spain .
arròs negre is from the catalonia region of spain , the country where spaniards are an ethnic group . catalonia is led by the parliament of catalonia .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia and sumatra . malays are an ethnic group from malaysia and batak are from sumatra .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia and sumatra . malays and the minangkabau people are ethnic groups of sumatra .
the united states is the country of the bacon explosion . barack obama was once the leader there , the capital is washington d . c . and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups of the country .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where john roberts is a leader and the capital is washington d . c . asian americans are one of the ethnic groups there .
the country that bacon sandwich comes from is the united kingdom . variations include the blt and the club sandwich . ketchup can be added to a bacon sandwich .
bacon sandwiches are popular in the uk and its main ingredients are bread and bacon with ketchup or brown sauce as a condiment . the sandwich has different names including : bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm and bacon muffin .
a cookie is a dessert and so is a baked alaska , which comes from the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
the main ingredients of baked alaska are meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding . the dish comes from the united states and is popular in paris , new york and hong kong .
meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding are the main ingredients of baked alaska which hails from hong kong but the countries of france , united states and china all claim to have invented the dish .
baked alaska hails from hong kong and also found in the usa . meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding are the main ingredients .
bakewell tart contains fruit preserves and is a variation of bakewell pudding from the derbyshire dales in derbyshire .
bakso is popular in the indonesian region and also in the neighbouring southeast asian countries and it ' s ingredients are ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables and fried shallots .
bakso is food found in indonesia , it includes ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables and fried shallots .
bandeja paisa is from the paisa region and part of the columbian cuisine . the main ingredients are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon .
the main ingredients of bandeja paisa , a dish from the paisa region of colombia , are : red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon .
barny cakes can be found in france where the french language is spoken and leaders include gérard larcher and francois hollande .
batagor is found in indonesia , it is a variation on the dish siomay / shumai . shiitake is an ingredient of shumai .
batchoy originated from the region of la paz , iloilo city , philippines . the main ingredients of batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
philippines is the country batchoy comes from . the ingredients of this soup dish include noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
beef kway teow is a dish popular nationwide in singapore and indonesia . the main ingredients of the dish are : kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
beef kway teow is found in the countries of indonesia and also singapore where standard chinese is spoken and the leader is halimah yacob .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore and indonesia . its main ingredients are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
bhajji , whose alternative names are bhaji and bajji , comes from the karnataka region of india . it includes vegetables .
bhaji and bajji are alternative names for bhajji which are found in the region of karnataka . the main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables .
binignit includes the ingredients of sago and sweet potato , the latter of which is part of the order solanales and is a flowering plant .
the binignit dish can be found in the visayas region , philippines . it includes coconut milk and sago .
bionico contains granola and is a dessert found in mexico and jalisco .
bionico is a dish from the guadalajara region of mexico and its ingredients are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins .
mexico , led by silvano aureoles conejo , is the home of a dessert called bionico . a cookie can also be a dessert .
tapioca is an ingredient of bakso which is a dish from indonesia where jusuf kalla is the leader .
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore and java . the leader of singapore is tony tan and the baduy are an ethnic group from java .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where the language spoken is philippine spanish . it is also where the zamboangans and iiocano people are two of the ethnic groups .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where arabic is spoken . ethnic groups of the philippines include the zamboangans and the igorot people .
a cookie is a dessert and so is binignit , a dish from the philippines , where english is spoken .
sandesh ( confectionery ) and binignit are both served as desserts . the latter dish comes from the philippines where the language spoken is known as philippine english .
1634 : the bavarian crisis is written by virginia demarce and eric flint . it was was preceded by grantville gazette ii and followed by ring of fire ii , which is written in english .
cornell university is in ithaca , new york and their president is elizabeth garrett . they are the publisher of administrative science quarterly and are affiliated with both the association of public land grant universities and the association of american universities .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states , where english is spoken ( as in great britain ) , and african americans are an ethnic group .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states , where english is spoken ( as in great britain ) , and native americans are an ethnic group .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states , where many people are asian american and english ( language of great britain ) is largely spoken .
a severed wasp is from the united states , where english is spoken ( as in great britain ) , and its capital city is washington d . c . native americans are one of the ethnic groups of the united states .
the violet keystone followed the australian novel into battle which itself followed above the veil . aenir was the sequel to that book , and that book was preceded by the novel castle .
a severed wasp was written in english ( language of great britian ) and originates from the united states . the previous president of the country was barack obama who is asian american .
the united states is lead by barack obama and uses the english language , which is also used in great britain . one of the ethnic groups in the country are the asian americans and it is where a severed wasp was written .
1634 : the galileo affair preceded 1634 : the ram rebellion which comes from the united states . that country is lead by barack obama from the capital city of washington dc . it contains many asian americans .
americans inhabit the u . s whose capital is washington d . c . and whose leader is barack obama .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states , where english is spoken ( as in great britain ) , and the leader is called the president . asian americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states , where the capital city is washington d . c .
albany , georgia is part of the u . s . state , georgia . americans inhabit the u . s . , with a sub - group being the asian americans . the leader of the u . s . is known as the president .
atlanta is the largest city in fulton county , georgia which is the location of alpharetta . alpharetta is part of georgia in the united states where the native americans are an ethnic group .
amarillo , texas is part of potter county , texas in the united states . the capital of the us is washington dc and english is the language spoken .
amarillo , texas is part of potter county , texas in the united states . the language of texas is english and the capital is austin .
amarillo , texas is part of potter county , texas in the united states . the language of texas is english and the capital is austin .
the united states is home to anderson , indiana which is part of fall creek township , madison county , indiana . the township has a population density of 523 . 9 inhabitants per square kilometre and a total area of 107 . 43 square kilometres .
antioch , california is part of contra costa county in the san francisco bay area . the leader of california is the 11th state assembly district and the language spoken in the state is english .
atlanta is part of dekalb county in georgia and has the area code 404 . it has a population density of 1299 inhabitants per square kilometre and an area of 344 . 9 square kilometres .
attica is located in logan township , fountain county , indiana , united states . its total area is 4 . 14 square kilometres , its elevation is 166 . 0 and its population density is 783 . 1 inhabitants per square kilometre .
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama , in the united states , where the capital is washington d . c . african americans are one of the ethnic groups there .
the united states is home to auburn , pierce county , king county , washington , which has a population density of 914 . 8 inhabitants per square kilometre and a total area of 77 . 41 square kilometres .
the english language is spoken in austin , texas , which is part of texas . austin is part of williamson county , which has the largest city of round rock and the county seat of georgetown .
the english language is spoken in austin , texas which is part of hays county and the largest city is houston .
the spanish language is spoken in austin , texas which is part of hays county and the largest city is houston .
alexandria , indiana is part of madison county , indiana , united states . the capital of indiana is indianapolis and the language used in the state is american english .
fort worth is the county seat of tarrant county which is part of arlington , texas . houston is the largest city in texas in which spanish is the official language .
arlington , texas is part of tarrant county , texas in the united states . the capital of texas is austin and the largest city is fort worth .
the capital of the united states is washington d . c . and the largest city is new york city . white americans are one of the ethnic groups in the country which is the location of atlantic city , new jersey .
albany is part of linn county , oregon in the united states . the capital of the us is washington d . c . and the country is inhabited by americans including the ethnic group of native americans .
the capital of the united states is washington d . c . and the country is inhabited by americans including many asian americans . the city of albany is located in oregon which is part of the state of oregon .
angola , indiana is part of steuben county , indiana in the united states . the language there is english and the people are called americans . one ethnic group there is african american .
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama in the united states . the capital of the us is washington dc and the original ethnic group of the country is native american .
opelika is the county seat of lee county , alabama , united states , which is the location of auburn , alabama . native americans are one of the ethnic groups of the united states .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey in the united states . the largest city in new jersey is newark and the capital is trenton . native americans are one of the ethnic groups of the united states .
albuquerque , new mexico is part of new mexico in the united states where the english language is spoken and the leader is president barack obama .
angola , indiana is part of steuben county , indiana , united states . the language of the united states is english , the people are known as americans and the asian americans are an ethnic group .
akron , ohio is part of summit county , ohio in the united states , where barack obama is leader , and its capital city is washington d . c . native americans are one of the ethnic groups of the united states .
the demonym for people living in the united states is americans , african americans are an ethnic group there and is where albany , georgia is located . the leader of the united states is known as the president .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in the seminary ridge , gettysburg , pennsylvania , united states . it was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument , a contributing property , is located in adams county , pennsylvania , which has carrol county to its southeast , cumberland county to its north , and frederick county to its southwest .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , which is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku , is located in azerbaijan . the capital of azerbaijan is baku and its leader is prime minister artur rasizade .
the leader of azerbaijan is artur rasizade , the capital city is baku and the legislature is the national assembly . the city is the location of the baku turkish martyrs memorial dedicated to the soldiers of the ottoman army who died in the battle of baku .
the atatürk monument is located in i ̇ zmir , turkey , a country with ankara as its capital and istanbul as its largest city . president of turkey is the official title of the turkish leader - his name is ahmet davutoglu .
the awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , kerala was established in 2001 and it has 250 academic staff . kerala has mahe , india to its northwest .
the acharya institute of technology ' s campus is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 . it is affiliated to the visvesvaraya technological university and its director is dr g . p . prabhukumar . it has 700 postgraduate students .
the acharya institute of technology is located in bangalore , india . the institute ' s president is b . m . reddy and it has 700 postgraduate students . the acharya institute of technology is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark is affiliated with the european university association which is headquartered in brussels . denmark has a monarchy and its leader is lars lokke rasmussen .
the awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , india was established in 2001 and it has 250 academic staff . the largest city in india is mumbai .
the largest city in india is mumbai , and one of the country ' s rivers is the ganges . the country is the location of the awh engineering college in the state of kerala which is lead by kochi .
lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of denmark where the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in the city of aarhus . the school was established in 1928 and has 737 academic staff .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in the city of aarhus is affiliated with the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels . aarhus has a magistrate government . aarhus is southwest of mols .
baymax , a character in big hero 6 , was created by the american duncan rouleau and by steve t . seagle . alan tudyk stars in the film version of big hero 6 .
ac lumezzane ' s ground is in italy and their manager is michele marcolini who plays for f . c . bari 1908 and is in the vicenza calcio club . the leader of italy is pietro grasso .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) . in the past he played for chesterfield fc . and stockport county fc . the leader of blackpool council is the labour party ( uk ) .
s . s . robur siena are champions of serie d . in which as gubbio 1910 also play . the latter club have their home ground located in italy which is lead by sergio mattarella and uses the italian language .
the olympic stadium ( athens ) is located in marousi and is the home ground of aek athens fc who have been managed by gus poyet . his own club is real zaragoza and he has played for chelsea fc .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , the country which is inhabited by italians . the capital of italy is rome , the language spoken is italian and the leader is pietro grasso .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , which is inhabited by italians , its leader is sergio mattarella and the capital is rome .
arem arem originates from the country of indonesia but is specifically found in java . indonesia ' s leader is jusuf kalla , the currency is the rupiah and the language spoken is indonesian .
the capital of malaysia is kuala lumpur and the main ethnic groups are the malaysian chinese and the malay . asam pedas is a food found in malaysia in the regions of sumatra and the malay peninsula .
malays and malaysian indians are ethnic groups in malaysia , a country whose capital is kuala lumpur . asam pedas is a food found in malaysia . it comes from the region of sumatra and the malay peninsula .
asam pedas is a dish from sumatra . it can also be found in malaysia ( capital city : kuala lumpur ) where malaysian indians and malay people are among the ethnic groups .
a food found in the malay peninsula region of malaysia is asam pedas . among the ethnic groups in the country are the malay and malaysian indian . the leader of malaysia is abu zahar ujang .
bacon explosion is from the kansas city metropolitan area , in the united states . the main ingredients are bacon and sausage .
the country bacon explosion comes from is the united states . a political leader there is paul ryan , the capital is washington d . c . and english is the language used . white americans are one of the ethnic groups there .
the bacon sandwich , which is from the united kingdom , has the ingredients bread and bacon and a condiment , often ketchup or brown sauce . the bacon sandwich is also known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin and is a variation of a blt .
french speaking france , led by gerard larcher and manual valls , is the home of baked alaska . hong kong also claims to have invented the dish .
the antioquia department can be found in the country of colombia which is where bandeja paisa comes from . lemon is an ingredient in bandeja paisa which is from the order of rosids and the family of rutaceae .
françois hollande and gérard larcher are leaders in france , where the french language is spoken . barny cakes , made with sponge cake can be found in france .
batagor , a variation of the siomay dish , comes from indonesia where joko widodo is the leader . peanut sauce is an ingredient in siomay ; shumai is a variation of batagor .
batagor is found in the country of indonesia . it is a variation on the dish siomay or shumai ( which include shiitake ) . joko widodo is the leader of indonesia .
jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia , where there is a traditional dish called batagor . the dish is similar to siomay and shumai , which contains shiitake mushrooms .
bhaji and bajji are alternative names for bhajji which come from the karnataka region of india . the main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables .
bhajji comes from the country india where the residents are called indians and the leader is t . s . thakur . vajubhai vala is the leader of karnataka which is where bhajji are found .
indian people are from the country india , where t . s . thakur and sumitra mahajan are leaders . bhajji originates from the karnataka region of india .
bionico is a dessert found in mexico and guadalajara . it ' s ingredients include sour cream , chopped fruits , condensed milk . granola , raisins and shredded coconut .
enrique pena nieto is the leader of mexico , they speak spanish there and eat a food called bionico . it is served as dessert and honey can be added to it .
silvano aureoles conejo is the leader of mexico , where the dish bionico comes from the jalisco region . it is served as a dessert and honey can be added to it .
felipe vi is the leader of spain , a country where spaniards are the main ethnic group . arros negre is from the catalonia region of spain . carles puigdemont is the leader of catalonia .
amatriciana sauce can be found in italy , where the capital is rome and the language is italian . matteo renzi and laura boldrini are both leaders in italy .
amatriciana sauce can be found in italy , where italians are from , and the capital is rome . it is also where laura boldrini and sergio mattarella are leaders .
amatriciana sauce can be found in italy , where rome is the capital and italian is the language spoken . pietro grasso and matteo renzi are leaders in italy .
the fried chicken dish ayam penyet is made nationwide in java ( home of the javanese ) , and can also be found in malaysia and singapore .
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore , where english is spoken and tony tan is the leader . ayam penyet can be found in java , where the javanese people are an ethnic group .
philippines is the country batchoy comes from . the country ' s ethnic groups include chinese filipino and the zamboangans . languages spoken are philippine spanish and arabic .
ajoblanco is from the andalusia region of spain where susana diaz is the leader and spanish is spoken . the population are known as spaniards .
felipe vi is the leader of spain , a country where the people are called spaniards . ajoblanco is from andalusia in spain . one of the leaders of andalusia is susana diaz .
alan bean is a us national who was born in wheeler , texas . he was a test pilot and was selected by nasa in 1963 . he is now retired .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and served as a crew member of apollo 14 , which was operated by nasa . the united states navy awarded the distinguished service medal to alan shepard , which ranks higher than department of commerce gold medal .
american william anders was part of apollo 8 along with commander frank borman . anders was born in british hong kong .
american buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on january 20th , 1930 . he was a fighter pilot and a member of apollo 11 .
american buzz aldrin was a fighter pilot and part of nasa ' s apollo 11 mission where he was born in glen ridge , new jersey .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit in 1963 with a doctorate in science . he was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11 . he is now retired .
buzz aldrin , now retired , was born in glen ridge , new jersey and became a crew member of the apollo 11 mission along with backup pilot william anders .
buzz aldrin ( born on 1930 - 01 - 20 ) was a crew member of apollo 11 operated by nasa and is now retired . william anders was a backup pilot on the apollo 11 mission .
alan shepard was a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 14 who died in california . california ' s senator was dianne feinstein and benitoite is the gemstone .
alan shepard was an american who was born in new hampshire . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the us navy , which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal . he died in california .
american william anders was born in british hong kong . he was a test pilot and member of apollo 8 . he retired on september 1 , 1969 .
margrethe ii is the queen of denmark where one of the languages is faroese . the country is the location of aarhus airport in tirstrup , part of the central denmark region .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located at madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas and is operated by enaire . the airport is situated 610 meters above sea level and its 4 , 100 meters long runway is called 14l / 32r .
agra airport is located in india and operated by the indian air force . its icao location id is viag . the airport is 167 . 94 m above sea level and its runway 1818 m long .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase in iraq which has the icao location identifier of oraa . the runway name at the airbase is 08 / 26 and it has a length of 3990 . 0 .
al asad airbase in al anbar province , iraq is operated by the united states air force and has the icao location identifier oraa . the airport runway name is 08 / 26 and it has a length of 3992 . 88 .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force . that airbase has lockheed ac - 130 missiles , boeing c - 17 globemaster iii transport aircrafts and the general dynamics f - 16 fighting falcon aircraft . the usaf fought in the 1986 bombing of libya .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force . the usaf was involved in the invasion of grenada and operation enduring freedom . the lockheed ac - 130 can be found on usaf aircraft carriers such as the lockheed c - 130 hercules .
the alderney airport serves alderney which is 88 metres above sea level . it ' s first runway is made from poaceae and has a length of 733 . 0 , it ' s runway name is 08 / 26 .
the pakistan civil aviation authority is the operating organisation of the allama iqbal international airport in pakistan which serves the city of lahore . the airport has a runway named 18l / 36r which is 3310 . 0 in length .
the pakistan civil aviation authority governs the allama iqbal international airport in punjab , pakistan . the airport serves the city of lahore and has a runway named 18r / 36l which is 2900 metres long .
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan , united states . the airport serves alpena , michigan and is situated 210 meters above sea level and has a 1 . 533 kilometer long runway .
alpena county regional airport serves the city of alpena and is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan . the airport is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533 . 0 . its runway name is 7 / 25 .
alpena county regional airport is located in the wilson township , alpena county , michigan and serves alpena , michigan . it is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2744 . 0 . its runway name is 1 / 19 .
alpena county regional airport serves the city of alpena and is located in wilson township , alpena county , michigan , united states . the airport is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533 . 0 .
angola international airport is located in icolo e bengo , elevated 159 meters above sea level and serves the city of luanda . the airport ' s runway is called " 05l / 23r " and is 3800 meters long .
athens international airport serves the city of athens in greece . alexis tsipras and nikos voutsis are leaders in that country where greek is spoken .
athens international airport serves the city of athens in greece . alexis tsipras and prokopis pavlopoulos are leaders in that country where the greek language is spoken .
in egg harbor township , new jersey , u . s . a lies atlantic city international airport . it serves the citizen of atlantic city new jersey , which is led by don guardian / .
philippe of belgium and charles michel are leaders in belgium where the capital city is brussels . antwerp in the country is served by antwerp international airport .
atlantic city international airport ' s icao location identifier is kacy . it is located in egg harbor township ( a township in atlantic county ) , new jersey , united states .
adirondack regional airport serves lake placid , new york and also saranac lake which is part of harrietstown , new york .
adirondack regional airport serves lake placid , new york , and also saranac lake which is part of harrietstown in essex county , new york .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh and is run by the indian air force . uttar pradesh is part of awadh and bundelkhand . the hal light combat helicopter is an aircraft helicopter there .
ram naik is the leader of uttar pradesh which is part of bundelkhand and the location of agra airport . the airport is operated by the indian air force who deploy the hal light combat helicopter .
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq . haider al - abadi and fuad masum are leaders in iraq whose language is arabic .
200 public square in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio , united states was completed in 1985 .
250 delaware avenue , buffalo , new york , with 12 floors covering an area of 30843 . 8 square metres , is in the postmodern style of architecture and had a building start date of january 2014 .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago , illinois ( the capital being springfield ) , united states . rahm emanuel is a leader in chicago .
margrethe ii is the queen of denmark where one of the languages is faroese . the ac hotel bella sky is located in copenhagen and tenanted by marriott international which was founded in washington dc .
bill marriott is one of the key people at marriott international which was founded in washington dc and is the current tenant of ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen , denmark where one of the languages spoken is greenlandic .
marriott international , which was founded in washington dc , is the current tenant of ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen , denmark . the prime minister of denmark is lars lokke rasmussen and one of the languages spoken in the country is greenlandic .
the architect augustus pugin was born in bloomsbury and designed the significant building of the palace of westminster . he also designed adare manor in the republic of ireland where the leader is enda kenny .
addis ababa city hall , a 42 m high , 140 , 000 - square meter facility which began construction in 1961 and was completed in 1964 , is currently occupied by the government of addis ababa .
the akita museum of art has 3 floors and is located in 142 nakadori , akita , akita prefecture , japan .
the chinese are an ethnic group in japan which is lead by taro aso . the country is the location of the akita museum of art in akita , akita prefecture .
the mason school of business is located in the united states and are the current tenants of alan b miller hall , virginia which was designed by the architect robert a m stern and is owned by the college of william and mary .
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad , gujarat , india . gujarat ' s leader is known as the gujarat legislative assembly and sumitra mahajan is an indian leader .
ampara hospital is located in ampara district , eastern province , sri lanka , where austin fernando is the leader . the leader of sri lanka is ranil wickremesinghe .
ampara hospital is located in the eastern province , sri lanka , where ranil wickremesinghe is the leader of the governing body , the eastern provincial council . sri jayawardenepura kotte is the capital of sri lanka .
the architect julia morgan was born in san francisco and designed several significant buildings including the asilomar conference grounds , the los angeles herald examiner building , hearst castle and asilomar state beach .
the architect julia morgan was born in san francisco and designed several significant buildings including the asilomar conference grounds , the riverside art museum , hearst castle and asilomar state beach .
the asser levy public baths are located in new york city , ( part of new netherland ) united states . manhattan is one part of new york city and is lead by cyrus vance jr .
the governing body of birmingham , which has the b postcode , is the city council along with labour politician john clancy . it is the birthplace of architect john madin who designed 103 colmore row .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states , where the capital is washington dc and the leader has the title president of the united states . john roberts and barack obama are both leaders of the us .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located at seminary ridge , adams county , pennsylvania , united states . it was completed in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania and is categorised as a contributing property . adams county is situated to the east of franklin county and south of cumberland county , pennsylvania . carrol county and frederick county in maryland lie to the southeast and southwest respectively .
huseyin butuner and hilmi guner designed the red granite and white marble baku turkish martyrs memorial which is located in azerbaijan and dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku , the capital city . artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan .
artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan where the baku turkish martyrs memorial dedicated to the soldiers of the ottoman army who died in the battle of baku . the memorial was designed in red granite and white marble by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner and is known locally as turk sehitleri aniti .
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in the district of the monocacy national battlefield , frederick county , maryland . the monument was established on 11 july 1907 and is categorised as a historic district in the united states .
retired american test pilot alan bean , born mar 15 , 1932 in wheeler , texas was in space 100305 minutes .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california . he served on the nasa operated apollo 14 as a crew member . the united states navy awarded the distinguished service medal to alan shepard , which ranks higher than department of commerce gold medal .
alan bean ( born alan lavern bean ) was a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 12 mission , which was commanded by david scott . alfred worden was an apollo 12 backup pilot . bean retired in june 1981 .
american buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a doctorate in science , was selected by nasa in 1963 as a fighter pilot and was a crew member of apollo 11 .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on 1930 - 01 - 20 . he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a doctorate in science before being a crew member of apollo 11 operated by nasa . william anders was a backup pilot on apollo 11 .
american buzz aldrin was a fighter pilot and part of nasa ' s apollo 11 mission where william anders was a backup pilot . aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on the 20th of january , 1930 . he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a doctorate in science . he was selected to work for nasa in 1963 and served as a fighter pilot and crew member on apollo 11 .
alan shepard was awarded the distinguished service medal from the united states navy . he died in california .
william anders was born in british hong kong and is from the united states . he was a fighter pilot and was part of apollo 8 . anders graduated with an m . s . from afit in 1962 and retired on september 1st , 1969 .
william anders ( born in british hong kong ) retired on 1969 - 09 - 01 . he was a crew member of apollo 8 operated by nasa with backup pilot buzz aldrin and frank borman as a crew member .
william anders graduated , with an m . s . , from afit in 1962 . he became a member of apollo 8 ' s crew , along with frank borman and backup pilot buzz aldrin . william anders is now retired .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio is located in mendrisio , ticino , switzerland . it was established in 1996 and its dean is mario botta . it has 100 academic staff .
the acharya institute of technology ' s campus is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore , karnataka , india , 560090 . it is affiliated to the visvesvaraya technological university and it has 700 postgraduate students .
the acharya institute of technology ' s campus is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore , india , 560090 . it was established in 2000 and its president is b . m . reddy . it is affiliated to the visvesvaraya technological university .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark is affiliated with the european university association which is headquartered in brussels . denmark is led by its monarch , lars løkke rasmussen and residents follow the church of denmark .
lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of denmark where the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in the city of aarhus . the school is affiliated with the european university association which is headquartered in brussels and the dean of the school is thomas pallesen .
the awh engineering college in kerala , india was established in 2001 . the leader of kerala is kochi . the ganges is a river in india and mumbai is its largest city .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is in romania . the country ' s capital is bucharest and is led by klaus iohannis . the ethnicity of the country is largely germanic and the patron saint is andrew the apostle . the national anthem is deșteaptă - te , române !
lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of denmark where the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in the city of aarhus . the school was established in 1928 and has 737 academic staff and 16000 students .
the turkish leader is ahmet davutoglu and the capital city is ankara , although the largest city is istanbul . the currency of the country is the turkish lira and the country is the location of the bronze ataturk monument which was inaugurated on 27 july 1932 in izmir .
president ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey which has the capital city of ankara . the country is the location of the ataturk monument at izmir designed by pietro canonica in bronze and inaugurated on 27 july 1932 .
president ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey , the local currency is the turkish lira and the capital city is ankara , although istanbul is the largest . izmir , turkey is the location of the ataturk monument which was inaugurated on 27 july 1932 .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio is located in mendrisio , switzerland . it was established in 1996 and its dean is mario botta . it has 600 students and 100 academic staff . switzerland ' s leader is the federal chancellor .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , karnataka , india was established in 2000 . its director is dr g . p . prabhukumar and its motto is " nurturing excellence " . its president is b . m . reddy .
the all india council for technical education in mumbai granted technical campus status to the acharya institute of technology in the state of karnataka southwest of telangana and east of the arabian sea . one of the sports offered at the institute is tennis which is governed by the international tennis federation .
the germans of romania are the ethnic group of the country which is led by prime minister klaus iohannisas and has bucharest as its capital . 1 decembrie 1918 university is in alba iulia , romania and the country ' s anthem is deșteaptă - te , române .
lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of denmark where the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in the city of aarhus . the school was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the european university association . the current dean is thomas pallesen and there is an academic staff of 737 .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in the city of aarhus , denmark is affiliated with the european university association which is headquartered in brussels . denmark has a monarchy and its leader is lars lokke rasmussen . denmark has a magistrate government .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 . it has 16 , 000 students and its latin name is " universitas aarhusiensis " . its dean is thomas pallesen and it is affiliated to the european university association .
alan bean is a us national who was born in wheeler , texas on 15 march 1932 . he graduated from ut austin in 1955 with a bs and became a test pilot before becoming a crew member on apollo 12 . he has now retired .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th , 1923 . he graduated from nwc with a m . a . in 1957 / he was a test pilot , who was selected by nasa in 1959 . he died in california .
alan bean was born in wheeler , texas , the united states . he was a member of apollo 12 , which was operated by nasa . david scott was the commander of apollo 12 , and alfred worden was the backup pilot .
buzz aldrin ( aka edwin e . aldrin , jr . ) was born in glen ridge , new jersey on january 20th , 1930 . he graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 . he was selected by nasa in 1963 . he was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11 .
american buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on january 20th , 1930 . in 1963 he graduated from mit with a sc . d then became a fighter pilot and later a member of the apollo 11 crew . he spent a total of 52 minutes in space .
buzz aldrin is a us national who was born on 20 january 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit with a scd in 1963 and became a member of the apollo 11 crew . during his career he was the recipient of 20 awards . he has now retired .
buzz aldrin is a us national who was born in glen ridge , new jersey on 20 january 1930 . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and served as a crew member on apollo 11 . he has now retired .
buzz aldrin is a us national who was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit with a scd in 1963 and became a member of the apollo 11 crew ( operated by nasa ) . he has now retired . the backup pilot on apollo 11 was william anders .
william anders is a us national who was born in british hong kong on 17 october 1933 . he was a fighter pilot and crewed apollo 8 . he retired on 1 september 1969 .
william anders was an american born in british hong kong who worked for nasa . he was part of apollo 8 ' s crew , along with frank borman and backup pilot buzz aldrin . william anders retired on september 1st , 1969 .
william anders was born in british hong kong on the 17th of october 1933 . he was a fighter pilot , who was chosen by nasa in 1963 . he was a member of the apollo 8 crew and spent 8820 minutes in space . he retired on the 1st of september , 1969 .
aaron s . daggett was awarded the purple heart .
aaron s . daggett was involved in the battle of mine run .
ab klink was born in stellendam , netherlands .
abdul rahman ya ' kub is in office while the vice president is tuanku bujang , tuanku othman .
abdul taib mahmud is a member of the parti bumiputera sarawak .
sulaiman abdul rahman taib is the successor of abdul taib mahmud .
abdulsalami abubakar ' s active years ended on 1999 - 05 - 29 .
abdulsalami abubakar was born in minna .
abdulsalami abubakar was born in the state of niger .
abner w . sibal ' s active years ended on 1965 - 01 - 03 .
abner w . sibal died in alexandria , virginia .
adam holloway was born in kent .
adam holloway resides in gravesend .
adenan satem graduated from the university of adelaide .
adolf scharf was born in mikulov .
adonis georgiadis is in office while prime minister antonis samaras .
adonis georgiadis worked as the deputy minister for development , competitiveness and shipping .
agnes kant was born in hessisch oldendorf .
agnes white was born in marietta , ohio .
airey neave was active from 1953 - 06 - 30 .
airey neave was awarded the military cross .
airey neave was born in knightsbridge , london .
airey neave was a lieutenant colonel .
airey neave served from 1935 .
albert b white is a member of the republican party ( united states ) .
albert b . white ' s spouse was agnes ward white .
albert jennings fountain served in the union army .
the nationality of alberto teisaire is argentina .
alberto teisaire is a rear admiral in the argentine navy .
alfons gorbach died in austria .
alfred moore scales was active from 1875 - 03 - 04 .
alfred moore scales was involved in the battle of chancellorsville .
alfred n . phillips was born in darien , connecticut .
alfred n . phillip ' s office was the mayor of stamford , connecticut .
allan shivers was active from 1947 - 01 - 21 .
allan shivers served in the united states army .
allan shivers ' s successor was price daniel .
alvah sabin was active from 1853 - 03 - 04 .
alvah sabin was a member of the whig party in the united states .
the american civil war was commanded by robert e . lee .
austrian german is the language spoken in austria .
robert e . lee was the commander of the battle of antietam .
the battle of cold harbor was part of the american civil war .
gabriela michetti is the leader of buenos aires .
colin powell was the commander of the gulf war .
dwight d . eisenhower was the predecessor of john f . kennedy .
the university of vienna is the alma mater of josef klaus .
juan carlos i of spain ' s predecessor was francisco franco .
juan perón was a member of the labour party ( argentina ) .
the leader of the netherlands is mark rutte .
the united states army fought in the spanish - american war .
william m . o . dawson was born in bloomington , maryland .
the 1955 dodge is also known as the dodge coronet .
the 1955 dodge has an engine that is 230 cubic inches .
a - rosa luna was christened on 2005 - 04 - 07 .
aida cruises is located in rostock .
aidaluna is operated by aida cruises .
aidastella was christened on 2013 - 03 - 16 .
aidastella was completed on 2013 - 03 - 11 .
aidastella ' s maiden voyage was on 2013 - 03 - 17 .
aidastella is operated by aida cruises .
the alv x - 1 was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport .
the amc matador is also known as the american motors matador .
the ara veinticinco de mayo v - 2 was sold to the netherlands on 1 april 1948 .
the abarth 1000 gt coupe ' s engine is a straight - four .
the honda k engine is found in the acura tlx .
the acura tlx is an awd vehicle .
the honda accord is a related mean of transportation to the acura tlx .
the 9 - speed zf 9hp automatic v6 is the transmission of the acura tlx .
alfa romeo 164 is assembled in arese .
the lancia thema is a related mean of transportation to the alfa romeo 164 .
the alfa romeo 164 has a 4 - speed automatic zf 4hp18qe transmission .
alhambra was built by the samuda brothers .
alhambra ' s ship beam is 8 . 3 m .
alhambra is wrecked .
the alhambra has a top speed of 18 . 52 .
the alvis speed 25 ' s engine is a straight - six .
alvis speed 25 was a model in 1937 .
the american submarine nr - 1 has a ship draft of 4 . 6 m .
the antares rocket ' s final flight was on october 28th , 2014 .
the antares rocket is launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport , launch pad 0 .
gabriela michetti is the leader of argentina .
ariane 5 was launched from the guiana space centre .
ariane 5 ' s maiden flight was on 2005 - 08 - 11 .
the aston martin v8 is a convertible .
the aston martin v8 was made by aston martin .
the aston martin virage was made by aston martin .
the final flight of atlas ii was on 1998 - 03 - 16 .
the vandenberg air force base is the launch site of the atlas ii .
audi was founded by august horch .
the audi a1 is assembled in audi brussels .
the audi a1 is related to the seat ibiza .
caterpillar , inc . is located in peoria , illinois .
costa crociere is located in genoa .
the chrysler newport is a related mean of transportation to the desoto custom .
the fiat croma is related to the alfa romeo 164 .
germans are the people occupying germany .
norbert lammert is the leader of germany .
stanislaw tillich is the leader of germany .
gruppo bertone was founded by giovanni bertone .
the headquarters of guiana space centre are in kourou , french guiana .
honda is the manufacturer of the k engine .
the anthem of the united states is called the star - spangled banner .
native americans are one of the ethnic groups of the united states .
the chairman of a . c . milan is silvio berlusconi .
aaron boogaard was born in canada .
aaron hunt plays for sv werder bremen .
abel hernandez played for the uruguay olympic football team .
abel hernandez plays for the uruguay national football team .
abner was born in brazil .
adam maher was born in diemen .
adam maher was born in the netherlands .
adam maher played for the netherlands national under - 17 football team .
adam maher plays for psv eindhoven .
ahmad kadhim assad plays for the iraq national football team .
akeem adams was born in point fortin .
akeem dent played for the atlanta falcons .
akeem priestley played for the connecticut huskies .
al - khor sports club play in the qatar stars league .
the manager of al - zawra ' a sc is basim qasim .
al kharaitiyat sc play in the qatar stars league .
alaa abdul - zahra was born in baghdad .
alaa abdul - zahra plays for sanat mes kerman f . c .
alan martin is a member of the hamilton academical f . c .
alan martin ( footballer ) played for the scotland national under - 19 football team .
aleksander barkov jr . was born on the 2nd of september 1995 .
aleksander barkov jr . plays for the florida panthers .
the height of aleksander barkov jr . is 1 . 905 .
aleksander barkov jr . plays in the national hockey league .
aleksandr prudnikov was born on february 24 , 1989 .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc amkar perm .
aleksandre guruli was born in batumi .
aleksandre guruli plays for fc samtredia .
aleksandre guruli plays for the georgia national under - 21 football team .
alessio romagnoli plays for a . s . roma .
alessio romagnoli plays for a . s . roma .
alex plante was born in manitoba .
alex tyus plays in the turkish basketball super league .
atlanta is the home to the atlanta falcons .
the general manager of boston bruins is don sweeney .
budapest is in hungary .
english is the language of canada .
the slavey language is spoken in canada .
the columbus blue jackets are based in the city of columbus , ohio .
the manager of fc karpaty lviv is oleh luzhny .
the manager of fc torpedo moscow is valery petrakov .
the chairman of the ferencvarosi tc is gabor kubatov .
the language of finland is the finnish language .
daniele zoratto has been the coach of the italy national under - 16 football team .
zvi sherf is the coach of maccabi ashdod b . c .
the ground of motherwell fc is called fir park .
the owner of olympique lyonnais is jean - michel aulas .
st . louis is the home of the st . louis rams .
the tennessee titans are based in the city of nashville , tennessee .
aaron bertram was active in 1998 .
aaron deer is associated with the band the horns of happiness .
aaron deer ' s record label is kill rock stars .
aaron turner ' s genre is avant - garde metal .
aaron turner ' s genre is progressive metal .
abradab is a solo singer .
abradab was born on the 12th of november 1978 .
abradab was born in poland .
abradab is a hip hop artist .
agustin barboza plays guarania music .
ahmet ertegun was born in istanbul , turkey .
alan frew plays rock music .
albennie jones is associated with the band sammy price .
aleksandra kovac is a solo singer .
aleksandra kovac was born in yugoslavia .
aleksandra kovac ' s genre is rhythm and blues .
aleksandra kovac ' s genre is soul music .
alex day ' s genre is synthpop .
alfredo zitarrosa is associated with hector numa moraes .
alfredo zitarrosa was born in montevideo .
alfredo zitarrosa died in uruguay .
alfredo zitarrosa ' s record label was rca records .
alison o ' donnell ' s active years started in 1963 .
alison o ' donnell is a jazz musician .
alison o ' donnell plays the voice , bodhran , percussion , and autoharp .
allen forrest was born on february 4 , 1981 .
allen forrest ' s genre is pop music .
alligator records is located in chicago .
anders osborne is associated with the musical artist , johnny sansone .
anders osborne ' s genre is rhythm and blues .
anders osborne ' s record label is alligator records .
andra is a singer in the genre of rhythm and blues .
andrew rayel was active in 2009 .
andrew rayel is associated with the band christian burns .
andrew rayel was born in chisinau , moldova .
andrew white is a musician associated with marry banilow .
andrew white is a musician on the b - unique records label .
asuncion is part of gran asuncion .
christian burns plays the guitar .
gangsta rap is a subgenre of hip hop .
funk is the stylistic origin of hip hop music .
indie rock has its origins in new wave music .
manchester is part of greater manchester .
polydor records is located in london .
sony music entertainment is the distributing company of rca records .
the stylistic origin of rock and roll is the blues .
pop music is the stylistic origin of synthpop .
the demonym for natives of the united kingdom is british people .
19255 1994 vk8 has a density of 2 . 0 grampercubiccentimetres .
carl a . wirtanen is the discoverer of 29075 1950 da .
410777 2009 fd has an absolute magnitude of 22 . 1 .
410777 2009 fd has an apoapsis of 259776702 . 47055 km .
66063 1998 ro1 has an apoapsis of 254989570 . 60815 km .
66063 1998 ro1 was discovered on 2013 - 11 - 04 .
the escape velocity of 1000 piazzia is 0 . 0252 km / s .
the former name of 1001 gaussia is 1923 oaa907 xc .
the maximum temperature of 1001 gaussia is 165 . 0 kelvins .
the apoapsis of 101 helena is 441092000 . 0 kilometres .
101 helena was created on 2006 - 12 - 31 .
101 helena has a mass of 3 . 0 kilograms .
the average speed of 1036 ganymed is 16 . 86 kilometreperseconds .
103 hera has an absolute magnitude of 7 . 66 .
103 hera has a mass of 7 . 9 kilograms .
the absolute magnitude of 107 camilla is 7 . 08 .
107 camilla was discovered by a . storrs .
the former name of 1089 tama is a894 va ; a904 vd .
the orbital period of 1089 tama is 1202 . 846 days .
the average speed of 1097 vicia is 17 . 92 kilometreperseconds .
1097 vicia was published on 2006 - 12 - 31 .
1097 vicia has a rotation period of 95040 . 0 .
christian heinrich friedrich peters is the discoverer of 109 felicitas .
the periapsis of 109 felicitas is 283326000000 . 0 .
the average speed of 10 hygiea is 16 . 76 kilometreperseconds .
the periapsis of 1101 clematis is 445895000000 . 0 .
110 lydia was registered on 2006 - 12 - 31 .
the temperature of 11264 claudiomaccone is 173 . 0 kelvins .
james craig watson graduated from the university of michigan .
n . r . pogson was born in nottingham .
aaron s . daggett , who was awarded the purple heart , was involved in the battle of fredericksburg .
aaron s . daggett , who was awarded the purple heart , was involved in the battle of gettysburg .
stephen yong kuet tze is the deputy of abdul rahman ya ' kub who is the successor of abdul taib mahmud .
abdul taib mahmud , born in the kingdom of sarawak , is a member of the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu party .
abdulsalami abubakar was born in minna and his alma mater was the technical institute in kaduna .
abdulsalami abubakar , who was born in niger state , held the position of the chief of the defence staff in nigeria .
al - amin daggash is the successor of abdulsalami abubakar who worked as chief of the defence staff in nigeria .
olusegun obasanjo was the successor of abdulsalami abubakar , who was active until may 29th , 1999 .
olusegun obasanjo is the successor of abdulsalami abubakar who was in office while vice president to mike akhigbe .
abner w . sibal fought in the world war ii where the commander was joseph stalin .
abner w . sibal was in the united states army which fought in the korean war .
adam holloway was born in kent and his alma mater was magdalene college , cambridge .
adam holloway was born in gravesend , kent .
adam koc , who was awarded the virtuti militari , fought in the world war i .
adonis georgiadis , born in athens , is the deputy parliamentary spokesman of the popular orthodox rally .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens , greece .
adonis georgiadis , born in greece , is the deputy parliamentary spokesman of the popular orthodox rally .
agnes kant , who was born in hessisch oldendorf , worked as a parliamentary group leader .
airey neave , a member of the royal artillery , was awarded the military cross .
airey neave was in the battle of france and his active years started on 1974 - 03 - 04 .
airey neave fought in the battle of france where the commander was hugo sperrle .
airey neave , born in knightsbridge , fought in the world war ii .
airey neave fought in the world war ii where franklin d . roosevelt was the commander .
airey neave fought in the world war ii where the commander was joseph stalin .
albert b . white was born on the 22nd of september 1856 and died in 1941 .
albert b . white was born on the 22nd of september 1856 and was a politician .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york city and died in dona ana county , new mexico .
albert jennings fountain was in the office of the vice president ( edmund j . davis ) and died in the new mexico territory .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york city and is a member of the republican party ( united states ) .
alberto teisaire , who worked as a provisional president of the argentine senate , was succeeded by isaac rojas .
alfons gorbach was born in austria - hungary , austria .
alfons gorbach was born in the state of tyrol , in austria .
james w . reid , politician , was the successor of alfred moore scales , who worked as the governor of north carolina .
alfred moore scales ' s successor was daniel gould fowle who graduated from princeton university .
alfred n . phillips was born in connecticut and worked as a united states house of representatives .
alfred n . phillips was in the united states army which fought in the american civil war .
allan shivers fought in the world war ii where the commander was joseph stalin .
allan shivers was born in lufkin , texas and worked as a member of the texas state senate from district 4 , port arthur .
allan shivers , who worked as a member of the texas state senate from district 4 , port arthur , was succeeded by ben ramsey .
alvah sabin was born on the 23rd of october 1793 and served as the secretary of state of vermont .
agnes kant is from the netherlands , where the euro is the currency .
agnes kant is from the netherlands where the leader is mark rutte .
albert b . white died in parkersburg , west virginia , united states .
aaron boogaard , born in saskatchewan , plays for the wichita thunder .
jorge orosman da silva is the manager of penarol , where abel hernandez plays .
abel hernandez plays for u . s . citta di palermo and penarol .
adam maher played for the netherlands national under - 17 football team and now plays for az alkmaar .
adam maher played for the netherlands national under - 17 football team and now plays for psv eindhoven .
ahmad kadhim assad plays for steel azin f . c . and al shorta sc .
thomas doll is the manager of ferencvarosi tc , which is the club of akeem adams .
akeem adams is a member of the trinidad and tobago national football team and plays for t & tec sports club .
akeem ayers , who was picked 39th , played for the new england patriots .
akeem ayers , who was picked 39th in the draft , played for the tennessee titans .
akeem dent was born on the 27th of september 1987 .
akeem priestley is a member of the sheikh russel kc club and plays for the connecticut huskies .
akeem priestley plays for both rops and sheikh russel kc .
alaa abdul - zahra plays for al - khor sports club which has its ground in al khor .
amar osim is the manager of al kharaitiyat sc , which is the club of alaa abdul - zahra .
alan martin ( footballer ) plays for both hamilton academical f . c . and leeds united f . c .
alan martin ( footballer ) plays for hamilton academical f . c . whose ground is new douglas park .
aleksander barkov jr . ( born on 1995 - 09 - 02 ) plays for the florida panthers .
aleksander barkov jr . was born in tampere , finland and plays for the florida panthers .
the manager of fc torpedo moscow is valery petrakov , and aleksandr chumakov plays for the club .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for both fc spartak moscow and fc kuban krasnodar .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc tom tomsk in the russian football national league .
aleksandre guruli plays for both fc karpaty lviv and fc dinamo batumi .
alex plante was born in manitoba in 1989 .
alex tyus ( born on 1988 - 01 - 08 ) plays for pallacanestro cantu .
alex tyus is in the turkish basketball super league and plays for maccabi tel aviv b . c .
alex plante was born in brandon , manitoba where the leader is the conservative party of canada .
adam mcquaid was born in canada , where the national anthem is " o canada " .
adam mcquaid was born in english speaking canada .
aleksandre guruli plays for fc dinamo batumi whose manager is levan khomeriki .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc spartak moscow whose ground is the otkrytiye arena .
akeem priestley plays for rops in the veikkausliiga league .
akeem adams plays for united petrotrin f . c . at the palo seco velodrome .
the genre of aaron deer ' s music is psychedelia and he plays the guitar .
aaron deer originates from the united states and specifically in indiana .
the genre of aaron turner ' s music is electroacoustic and he is associated with the band twilight .
aaron turner is an avant - garde metal singer .
the rappers magik and kaliber 44 are associated with the band abradab .
abradab was born in katowice on the 12th of november 1978 .
abradab was born in poland in the city of katowice .
ace wilder ' s genre is hip hop music , which has its origins in disco .
ace wilder is a solo singer and his record label is the warner music group .
agustin barboza , born in paraguay , has a record label called philips records .
bhangra and rock music are both fusion genres , and alan frew is a rock musician .
alan frew plays rock music , which has its origins in country music .
the genre of albennie jones is jazz , which has the stylistic origin of blues .
aleksandra kovac ' s genre is pop music and she is a solo singer .
aleksandra kovac ' s genre is rhythm and blues , which has the stylistic origin of blues .
aleksandra kovac ' s genre is soul music and she was active in the 1990 ' s .
alex day ' s genre is synthpop which has the stylistic origin of new wave music .
alfred garth jones was born in england in 1872 .
alfredo zitarrosa is a solo singer of milonga music .
alfredo zitarrosa is a solo singer in the genre of taquirari .
alfredo zitarrosa was born in uruguay and died in montevideo .
alfredo zitarrosa was born in montevideo and died in uruguay .
alfredo zitarrosa , a solo singer , is in the zamba artform genre .
alison o ' donnell is associated with the bands plastik mak and bajik .
alison o ' donnell is a folk rock artist who was signed to floating world records .
alison o ' donnell is a jazz musician who plays the voice , bodhran , percussion , and autoharp .
allen forrest is a hip hop music solo singer .
andrew white is a musician who plays alternative rock , which has the subgenre of christian alternative rock .
anders osborne is associated with the bands phil lesh and friends and tab benoit .
the genre of anders osborne is rhythm and blues , and he is on the record label rabadash records .
anders osborne ' s genre is rhythm and blues , and he is on the record label shanachie .
the andra singer ' s genre is pop and he was active in 2000 .
the genre of andra singer is rhythm and blues which has the stylistic origin of blues .
andrew rayel is associated with the bands christian burns and jonathan mendelsohn .
andrew rayel is associated with the bands jonathan mendelsohn and mark sixma .
andrew rayel is associated with the musical artists jwaydan moyine and armin van buuren .
andrew white is a musician who plays alternative rock , which has the stylistic origin of new wave music .
the banjo is an instrument in country music , which is the genre of the al anderson nrbq band .
andrew white is a musician on the polydor label which is located in london .
19255 1994 vk8 has an escape velocity of 0 . 0925 km / s and an apoapsis of 6603633000 km .
the 410777 2009 fd has a temperature of 211 . 0 kelvins and an apoapsis of 259776702 . 47055 km .
the periapsis of 410777 2009 fd , discovered by spacewatch , is 88234300000 . 0 .
66063 1998 ro1 , with an escape velocity of 0 . 0999 km / s , was discovered on november 4th , 2013 .
66391 1999 kw4 has a orbital period of 16244700 . 0 and was discovered on 2004 - 07 - 14 .
66391 1999 kw4 has a rotation period of 9953 . 28 and was discovered on 2004 - 07 - 14 .
james craig watson , who died of peritonitis , was the discoverer of 101 helena .
1036 ganymed has an average speed of 16 . 86 kilometreperseconds and an apoapsis of 611961000 . 0 kilometres .
1036 ganymed was discovered by walter baade , who was born in the german empire .
1036 ganymed was discovered by the german national , walter baade .
james craig watson , who died of peritonitis , was the discoverer of 103 hera .
103 hera was discovered by james craig watson from canada .
107 camilla was discovered by n . r . pogson , who was born in nottingham .
1089 tama was formerly called a919 ha ; 1927 wb and was created on 2005 - 11 - 26 .
1089 tama has a temperature of 179 . 0 kelvins and an apoapsis of 373513000 . 0 km .
the periapsis of 1097 vicia is 279142000000 . 0 and the epoch is 2006 - 12 - 31 .
109 felicitas has a temperature of 170 . 0 kelvins and an apoapsis of 523329000 . 0 kilometres .
109 felicitas has a periapsis of 283326000000 . 0 and was active on december 31st , 2006 .
109 felicitas has a rotation period of 47487 . 6 and was epoched on 2006 - 12 - 31 .
10 hygiea has a temperature of 164 . 0 kelvins and an apoapsis of 523951582 . 33968 km .
10 hygiea was formerly called a900 ga and was discovered on june 27 , 2015 .
110 lydia has a mass of 6 . 7 kilograms and was discovered on december 31 , 2006 .
110 lydia has a orbital period of 142603000 . 0 and was discovered on 2006 - 12 - 31 .
the a - rosa luna is a 125800 . 0 millimetre long cruise ship .
the a - rosa luna is 125800 . 0 millimetres long and was ordered on 2004 - 01 - 22 .
aidastella is operated by aida cruises which is located in germany .
aida cruises in rostock , operates the aidaluna .
aidaluna has a length of 252000 . 0 millimetres and a top speed of 40 . 744 .
aidastella has a length of 253260 . 0 millimetres and was christened on 2013 - 03 - 16 .
the montreal locomotive works built the alco rs - 3 which has a diesel - electric transmission .
the alv x - 1 has a diameter of 1 . 524 metres and has 2 rocket stages .
the amc matador , a 1974 model , was assembled in kenosha , wisconsin .
the designer of the amc matador is richard a . teague , who worked for chrysler .
the ara veinticinco de mayo v - 2 is 192000 . 0 millimetres long and is found in argentina .
the saab 9000 is a related mean of transportation to the alfa romeo 164 which is assembled in milan .
alfa romeo 164 , which is related to fiat croma , was assembled in italy .
alfa romeo 164 , which is related to lancia thema , was assembled in italy .
alvis car and engineering company , located in coventry , is the manufacturer of alvis speed 25 .
alvis speed 25 ' s transmission includes : single plate clutch , separate 4 - speed gearbox , all - silent and all - syncromesh , centre change lever , open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints , spiral bevel , and fully floating back axle . its engine is 4387 . 0 cubiccentimetres .
the alvis speed 25 ' s transmission includes : a single plate clutch , separate 4 - speed gearbox , all - silent and all - syncromesh centre change lever , open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints , spiral bevel , and fully floating back axle . its engine is a straight - six .
the eagle is a successor to the american motors matador .
the antares rocket was launched on 2014 - 01 - 09 from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport .
gabriela michetti is the leader of argentina where ara veinticinco de mayo v - 2 is located .
airbus defence and space is the manufacturer of the ela - 3 launched ariane 5 .
the parent company of airbus defence and space , which manufactures ariane 5 , is airbus group .
aston martin v8 , which is related to aston martin rham / 1 , is assembled in the united kingdom .
the aston martin v8 was made by aston martin and was followed by the aston martin virage .
the aston martin v8 is related to the aston martin dbs , and was followed by the aston martin virage .
the aston martin v8 was followed by the aston martin virage .
the final flight of atlas ii was on 1998 - 03 - 16 and it was 3 . 04 m in diameter .
the cape canaveral air force station is the launch site of the atlas ii which was manufactured by lockheed martin .
audi e - tron is the division of audi who make the audi a1 .
ducati is a subsidiary of audi who make the a1 .
the audi a1 is made by audi , which has the subsidiary quattro gmbh .
aidaluna ' s power type is caterpillar inc . , with douglas r . oberhelman as a key person .
antares and delta ii are both rockets , but delta ii was launched from vandenberg air force base .
the leader of finland is juha sipila and the country is the builder of the icebreaker called aleksey chirikov .
the parent company of general dynamics electric boat , which built the american submarine nr - 1 , is general dynamics .
a - rosa luna ' s power type is mtu friedrichshafen , which is owned by rolls - royce holdings .
aston martin v8 is from the united kingdom where elizabeth ii is the queen .
aaron s . daggett , born in maine , was awarded the purple heart and fought in the battle of fredericksburg .
christian democratic appeal member ab klink was born in the netherlands and studied at erasmus university rotterdam .
abdul taib mahmud was born in the kingdom of sarawak and was succeeded by abdul rahman ya ' kub who has a deputy called stephen yong kuet tze .
abdul taib mahmud was born in the kingdom of sarawak and lives in sarawak . he is a member of the barisan ra ' ayat jati sarawak party .
the chief of the defence staff in nigeria , abdulsalami abubakar , was born in the state of niger and graduated from the technical institute in kaduna .
olusegun obasanjo , who is in office while vice president atiku abubakar , is the successor of abdulsalami abubakar , who served in the nigerian air force .
the nigerian army ' s abdulsalami abubakar is the successor to olusegun obasanjo , who was vice president while atiku abubakar was in office .
abel caballero was born in ponteareas , galicia , spain and worked as a member of the congress of deputies .
abel caballero was born in galicia , spain and is a member of the spanish socialist workers ' party .
the united states army ' s abner w . sibal fought in the world war ii battles commanded by joseph stalin .
abner w . sibal was born in ridgewood , queens . he is a member of the connecticut senate from the 26th district and his party is the republican party ( united states ) .
george h . w . bush was the commander of the gulf war , in which adam holloway , a grenadier guardsman , also fought .
adam holloway ( born in faversham ) went to magdalene college , cambridge and is a member of the conservative party ( uk ) .
adam koc was born in congress poland and fought in the polish - soviet war where the commander was leon trotsky .
the polish - soviet war is part of the military conflict of the russian civil war . it was commanded by leon trotsky .
adonis georgiadis , born in athens , greece , is the deputy parliamentary spokesman of the popular orthodox rally .
the minister for health , adonis georgiadis , was born in athens , greece .
adonis georgiadis is in office while prime minister antonis samaras and is a member of the new democracy greece party which has the colour blue .
the leader of the netherlands is mark rutte . agnes kant , who is from the netherlands , worked in the house of representatives in the netherlands .
agnes kant is a member of the socialist party ( netherlands ) where mark rutte is the leader .
agnes kant ( born in west germany ) went to radboud university nijmegen and worked as a member of the house of representatives .
airey neave served in the world war ii and was active from 1953 - 06 - 30 to 1979 - 03 - 30 .
airey neave served in the world war ii and was active from 1974 - 03 - 04 to 1979 - 03 - 30 .
albert b . white was born on september 22 , 1856 and died on july 3 , 1941 .
albert b . white ' s spouse was agnes ward white , born in marietta , ohio , and he was succeeded by william m . o . dawson .
albert jennings fountain was born on staten island and died in the united states where one of the ethnic groups is african american .
albert jennings fountain was born in staten island , new york city , and died in the new mexico territory .
albert jennings fountain was born in staten island , new york and died in the united states .
buenos aires city legislature is the governing body of buenos aires where horacio rodriguez larreta is the leader and where alberto teisaire died .
rear admiral alberto teisaire was born in mendoza , argentina and was succeeded by isaac rojas .
alfons gorbach was born in the county of tyrol in austria and died in graz .
albert e . austin is the successor of alfred n . phillips , who was born in connecticut and served as a member of the u . s . house of representatives from the 4th district .
albert e . austin is the successor of alfred n . phillips , who was born in darien , connecticut and served as a member of the u . s . house of representatives from connecticut ' s 4th district .
allan shivers was a member of the texas state senate from district 4 , port arthur . he was a democrat and his successor was wilfred r . cousins , jr .
burlington is the largest city in vermont which is the home of alvah sabin who retired on 3 march 1857 .
alvah sabin was born on october 23 , 1793 and was a member of the whig party , which was lead by henry clay .
alvah sabin was born in georgia , vermont and was a member of the whig party which was lead by daniel webster .
albert jennings fountain was born in the united states and fought in the american civil war where the commander was abraham lincoln .
alfred moore scales fought in the battle of fredericksburg which was part of the american civil war where jefferson davis was the commander .
alfons gorbach was born in the county of tyrol and died in austria where the leader is doris bures .
alfons gorbach was born in the state of tyrol and died in austria where the leader is doris bures .
alfons gorbach died in styria , austria where the leader is doris bures .
the battle of salem church is part of the american civil war . it was commanded by robert e . lee and aaron s . daggett was one of the battles .
ab klink was born in stellendam , the netherlands and their currency is the euro .
the polish language is spoken in poland where the kashubians are an ethnic group and where adam koc is from .
19255 1994 vk8 has a mass of 5 . 6 kilograms and an escape velocity of 0 . 0925 km / s . its apoapsis is 6603633000 km .
410777 2009 fd was discovered by spacewatch . its periapsis is 88234300000 . 0 and its orbital period is 39447000 . 0 .
66063 1998 ro1 has a minimum temperature of - 71 . 0 degreecelsius , a maximum temperature of 500 . 0 kelvins and an apoapsis of 254989570 . 60815 kilometres .
66391 1999 kw4 has an average speed of 37 . 16 kilometreperseconds , a density of 2 . 0 grampercubiccentimetres and an apoapsis of 162164091 . 8388 kilometres .
1000 piazzia has an orbital period of 488160 . 0 and an epoch of 2015 - 06 - 27 . its periapsis is 352497000000 . 0 .
the former name of 1001 gaussia is 1923 oaa907 xc . it was discovered on 27 june 2015 and has a periapsis of 419113394 . 55312 km .
101 helena has a mass of 3 . 0 kilograms , an escape velocity of 0 . 0348 kilometreperseconds and an apoapsis of 441092000 . 0 kilometres .
german national walter baade , who studied at the university of gottingen , is the discoverer of 1036 ganymed .
the discoverer of 103 hera , james craig watson , died in madison , wisconsin . the epoch of 103 hera is 2011 - 08 - 27 .
the discoverer of 103 hera , james craig watson , died in madison , wisconsin , from peritonitis .
103 hera was at its closest to the sun on 27 august 2011 , at a distance of 437170000 . 0 kilometres . it has an orbital period of 1622 . 213 days , and an epoch of 103 hera was at its closest to the sun on 27 august 2011 , at a distance of 437170000 . 0 kilometres . it has an orbital period of 1622 . 213 days , and an epoch of 103 hera was at its closest to the sun on 27 august 2011 , at a distance of 437170000 . 0 kilometres . it has an orbital period of 1622 . 213 days , and an epoch of 103 hera was at its closest to the sun on 27 august 2011 , at a distance of 437170000 . 0 kilometres . it has an orbital period of 1622 . 213 days , and an epoch of 103 hera was at its closest to the sun on 27 august 2011 , at a distance of 437170000 . 0 kilometres . it has an orbital period of 1622 . 213 days , and an epoch of 103 hera was at its closest to the sun on 27 august 2011 , at a distance of 437170000 . 0 kilometres . it has an orbital period of 1622 . 213 days , and an epoch of 103 hera was at its closest to the sun on 27 august 2011 , at a distance of 437170000 . 0 kilometres . it has an orbital period of 1622 . 213 days , and an epoch of 103 hera was at its closest to the sun on 27 august 2011 , at a distance of 437170000 . 0 kilometres . it has an orbital period of 1622 . 213
103 hera has a temperature of 170 . 0 kelvins , an escape velocity of 0 . 0482 kilometreperseconds and an apoapsis of 437170000 . 0 kilometres .
107 camilla was discovered by n . r . pogson , who was born in nottingham , england .
1089 tama was formerly known as a894 va ; a904 vd . it was discovered on 26th november 2005 and has an orbital period of 1202 . 846 days .
1089 tama was discovered on 26 november 2005 . its periapsis is 288749000000 . 0 and its apoapsis is 373513000 . 0 km .
1097 vica , formerly known as 1928 pc , has a periapsis of 279142000000 . 0 and was discovered on december 31st , 2006 .
109 felicitas was discovered on december 31st , 2006 and has a mass of 7 . 5 kilograms . it has an orbital period of 139705000 . 0 .
109 felicitas was in orbit on 2006 - 12 - 31 , its orbital period is 139705000 . 0 and its apoapsis is 523329000 . 0 km .
the average speed of 10 hygiea is 16 . 76 km / s , its orbital period is 5 . 57 days and its apoapsis is 523951582 . 33968 km .
10 hygiea has an average speed of 16 . 76 kilometreperseconds , a surface area of 837080 . 744 squarekilometres and an apoapsis of 523951582 . 33968 kilometres .
10 hygiea has a surface area of 837080 . 744 squarekilometres , an apoapsis of 523951582 . 33968 kilometres and a temperature of 164 . 0 kelvins .
110 lydia , with a mass of 6 . 7 kilograms , was discovered on december 31st , 2006 . its periapsis is 377016000000 . 0 .
110 lydia has an epoch of 2006 - 12 - 31 , a periapsis of 377016000000 . 0 and an apoapsis of 440756000 . 0 kilometres .
aaron bertram is associated with the band kids imagine nation and also with the band suburban legends which plays pop music .
aaron deer is an indie rock originating from indiana in the united states .
aaron deer is from indiana in the united states and his genre is psychedelia .
the black metal genre artist aaron turner is associated with the bands twilight and greymachine .
aaron turner is a musician who plays drone music . he is associated with the band greymachine and also with the band twilight .
aaron turner is an ambient musician who plays in the twilight band and mamiffer .
the genre of aaron turner ' s music is black metal , which is a fusion of death metal . he plays the electric guitar .
the genre of aaron turner ' s music is black metal , which is a fusion of death metal . he sings .
abradab ( born on 1978 - 11 - 12 ) is associated with the band kaliber 44 and the rapper magik .
the magik rapper and kaliber 44 are associated with the band abradab which originates in katowice .
ace wilder ' s genre is hip hop music which has the stylistic origins of funk and disco .
agustin barboza was born in asuncion , paraguay where the leader is juan afara .
al anderson , who sings in the nrbq band , is associated with the genre of rock music .
alan frew ' s rock music is a fusion of country and bhangra styles .
albennie jones ' s genre is jazz , a fusion of afrobeat and blues .
albennie jones , born in errata , mississippi , is in the genre of rhythm and blues , which is a derivative of disco .
the k2 kovac sisters duo and bebi dol are associated with the musical artist aleksandra kovac who performs pop music .
aleksandra kovac ' s genre is pop music . she is associated with bebi dol and kornelije kovac .
the k2 kovac sisters duo and kristina kovac are associated with aleksandra kovac who is a rhythm and blues artist .
alex day ' s genre is synthpop which has the stylistic origins of both pop music and disco .
alfred garth jones was born in england , in manchester , and died in sidcup .
alfred garth jones was born in england , died in london and his nationality is united kingdom .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester , uk and died in london .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester ( now led by the labour party ) and died in sidcup .
boris johnson is a leader in london where alfred garth jones died in sidcup .
alison o ' donnell is a folk musician from ireland who is associated with the bands flibbertigibbet and mellow candle .
alison o ' donnell is a folk musician who plays with mellow candle and flibbertigibbet .
alison o ' donnell ' s instrument is the voice , and she also plays bodhran , percussion and autoharp . she is a jazz musician , whose genre is derived from funk .
alison o ' donnell ' s genre is jazz , which is a derivative of funk . her record label is static caravan recordings .
allen forrest was born in dothan , alabama and his genre is pop music . he is a solo singer .
born in dothan , alabama , allen forrest is a solo singer in the genre of rhythm and blues .
andrew white is a musician who plays alternative rock . this genre is a fusion of nu metal and new wave music .
anders osborne is associated with the musical artists billy iuso , tab benoit and kirk joseph .
anders osborne is a rock musician who has recorded for rabadash records . bhangra music is a genre of rock music .
andra is a dance - pop singer who is associated with puya and crbl .
the andra singer is associated with the bands andreea balan and marius moga and the genre of rhythm and blues .
andra , a solo singer , is in the rhythm and blues genre , which is a prequel to disco .
andrew rayel plays trance music and is associated with christian burns and jonathan mendelsohn .
andrew rayel plays trance music and is associated with the band bobina and the musical artist jonathan mendelsohn .
andrew rayel is associated with the band jwaydan moyine and also with christian burns who plays house music .
andrew white is a musician associated with marry banilow and the kaiser chiefs . his record label is universal records which is now defunct .
aaron bertram is associated with the band suburban legends and the genre ska punk . ska is the stylistic origin of ska punk .
albennie jones was born in the united states , in errata , mississippi , where african americans are an ethnic group .
the 1955 dodge , also known as the dodge coronet , has a v8 engine and a 3 - speed automatic transmission .
the a - rosa luna , a 125800 . 0 millimetre long cruise ship , was ordered on 22nd january 2004 .
a - rosa luna has a length of 125800 . 0 millimetres , a ship displacement of 1850 . 0 tonnes and a top speed of 24 . 0 .
aidastella is owned by costa crociere and operated by aida cruises which is located in germany .
aidastella , which is 253260 . 0 millimetres long , was christened on 2013 - 03 - 16 and went into service on 2013 - 03 - 17 .
the american locomotive company built the alco rs - 3 . it has a four - stroke engine and is 17068 . 8 metres long .
the american locomotive company built the alco rs - 3 . it has a v12 engine and is 17068 . 8 metres long .
the american locomotive company which was founded in schenectady , new york , is the builder of the alco rs - 3 which has a length of 17068 . 8 millimetres .
the demonym for people living in the united states is americans , where one of the ethnic groups is african americans . the country is the origin of the alv x - 1 .
the united states is the country of origin of the alv x - 1 . native americans are one of the ethnic groups of the united states and the capital of the country is washington d . c .
the total launch of the alv x - 1 was 1 . it had a diameter of 1 . 524 metres and 2 rocket stages .
the abarth 1000 gt coupe , with a straight - four engine , was produced in 1958 .
the abarth 1000 gt coupe has a body style of two door coupe , a wheelbase of 2160 . 0 millimetres and a width of 1 . 55 .
the arctech helsinki shipyard built the aleksey chirikov icebreaker which has a beam of 21 . 2 .
the fiat croma is a related mean of transportation to the alfa romeo 164 which is assembled in italy ( capital : rome ) .
the lancia thema is a related mean of transportation to the alfa romeo 164 which is assembled in italy ( capital : rome ) .
alfa romeo 164 is related to fiat croma and lancia thema . it is assembled in arese .
the alfa romeo 164 is related to the fiat croma and saab 9000 . it is assembled in milan .
alhambra was launched on 1855 - 05 - 31 with a length of 63800 . 0 and a beam of 8 . 3 .
alhambra , a 8 . 3 m beam ship , was launched on 1855 - 05 - 31 and is now wrecked .
the alvis car and engineering company was founded in coventry and manufactures the alvis speed 25 which has a petrol engine .
the american motors company , with roy d . chapin jr . as a key person , manufactured the amc matador and also the eagle automobile .
antares , a rocket similar to delta ii of the united states , was made by the yuzhnoye design office .
the antares rocket was designed by the yuzhnoye design office and is a medium expendable launch system . it was launched at the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 .
ariane 5 was manufactured by arianespace and is launched from ela - 3 at the guiana space centre .
the aston martin v8 , which has a 5 . 3 litre engine , is related to the aston martin dbs and is assembled at newport pagnell , buckinghamshire , england , united kingdom .
the aston martin v8 is a related mean of transportation to the aston martin dbs , it has a 5 . 3 litre engine and is assembled in the uk .
the united states is the country of origin of the atlas ii , which was launched from vandenberg air force base and cape canaveral air force station .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states where the leader is known as the president . the country is the origin of the atlas ii .
the united states ' atlas ii was launched from the cape canaveral air force station and the spaceport florida launch complex 36 .
the audi a1 , which has a hatchback body style , was assembled in audi brussels and has a 1 . 2 litre engine .
the audi a1 is a car produced by audi . it is related to the seat ibiza and the volkswagen polo .
aidaluna ' s power type is caterpillar , which was founded in california and is located in peoria , illinois .
the owner of aidaluna is aida cruises , it has a caterpillar inc . located in illinois .
aidastella is operated by aida cruises and owned by costa crociere which is located in genoa .
antares and delta ii are both rockets , but delta ii was launched from vandenberg afb space launch complex 2 in the united states .
ariane 5 was launched from ela - 3 at the guiana space centre in french guiana .
ariane 5 was launched from ela - 3 at the guiana space centre in kourou , french guiana .
the a - rosa luna was built by the neptun werft in the city of rostock , germany .
americans inhabit the u . s whose african americans are an ethnic group . the u . s . is the origin of the atlas ii .
aaron hunt played youth football for goslarer sc 08 and now plays for vfl wolfsburg and sv werder bremen .
aaron hunt plays for sv werder bremen ii and is managed by dieter hecking at the vfl wolfsburg club .
abel hernandez played youth football for central espanol and now plays for hull city afc and u . s . citta di palermo .
abel hernandez plays for u . s . citta di palermo and penarol . he is also in the central espanol youth club .
adam maher was born in the netherlands and plays for both psv eindhoven and az alkmaar .
akeem adams plays for w connection f . c . and united petrotrin f . c . whose ground is in palo seco .
akeem ayers , a former ram , was picked in the second round , 39th spot .
akeem ayers , formerly of the st . louis rams , was drafted in the 2nd round , 39th pick .
akeem dent ( born in atlanta , georgia on 1987 - 09 - 27 ) played for the atlanta falcons .
alaa abdul - zahra was born in iraq and plays for the shabab al - ordon club and the iraq national under - 20 football team .
alaa abdul - zahra plays for al kharaitiyat sc and shabab al - ordon club . his ground is in al khor .
alan martin ( born on 1989 - 01 - 01 ) was a footballer for clyde fc and is a member of the hamilton academical f . c .
motherwell f . c . footballer alan martin plays for accrington stanley f . c . whose ground is in accrington .
aleksander barkov jr . ( born in tampere , finland on 1995 - 09 - 02 ) plays for the florida panthers .
aleksander barkov jr . was born in tampere , finland on september 2 , 1995 . he was drafted by the florida panthers .
aleksandr chumakov was born in the soviet union and died in russia where the leader is vladimir putin .
aleksandr prudnikov ( born on 1989 - 02 - 24 ) plays for both fc kuban krasnodar and fc alania vladikavkaz .
aleksandr prudnikov ( born on 1989 - 02 - 24 ) plays for the russia national football b team and fc tom tomsk .
azal pfk is the club of aleksandre guruli who plays for olympique lyonnais whose ground is parc olympique lyonnais .
aleksandre guruli plays for us lesquin and olympique lyonnais . his ground is parc olympique lyonnais .
a . c . milan , managed by sinisa mihajlovic , is the club of alessio romagnoli , who played for the italy national under - 16 football team .
a . c . milan , managed by sinisa mihajlovic , is the club of alessio romagnoli . and u . c . sampdoria .
a . s . roma ' s alessio romagnoli played for the italy national under - 16 football team , which was coached by daniele zoratto .
alessio romagnoli was born in italy and plays for the italy national under - 17 football team and u . c . sampdoria .
alex plante , born in brandon , manitoba , is 1 . 9304 metres tall and plays for anyang halla .
alex plante , who was born in canada , is 1 . 9304 metres tall and plays for anyang halla .
alex tyus is in the euroleague and plays for maccabi ashdod b . c . whose coach is zvi sherf .
alex tyus plays in the turkish basketball super league for maccabi ashdod b . c . whose coach is zvi sherf .
aleksandr prudnikov is in the fc tom tomsk club and also plays for fc spartak moscow whose ground is the otkrytiye arena .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc anzhi makhachkala and was at the ground of fc spartak moscow , otkrytiye arena , as a youth .
the manager of fc torpedo moscow is valery petrakov . the club played in the 2014 - 15 russian premier league season and is affiliated with aleksandr chumakov .
abel hernandez plays for hull city a . f . c . and the uruguay olympic football team . steve bruce is the manager of hull city a . f . c .
aleksandr chumakov was born in moscow , where the leader is sergey sobyanin . he died in russia .
the manager of real madrid castilla is luis miguel ramis . abner , a member of the brazil national under - 20 football team , also plays for real madrid castilla .
abner ( footballer ) plays for c . d . fas and was manager of real madrid castilla .
alex tyus was born in st louis which is part of greater st louis and is lead by francis g slay .
akeem ayers , who played for the new england patriots , is a member of the tennessee titans , which is based in nashville , tenn .
akeem adams is a member of the trinidad and tobago national under - 20 football team and plays for united petrotrin f . c . whose ground is in palo seco .
alexander nouri is the manager of sv werder bremen ii who are in the 3 liga league . aaron hunt plays for both sv werder bremen and sv werder bremen ii .
abel hernandez is in the penarol club and is affiliated with the youth club central espanol . he has also played for hull city afc whose manager is steve bruce .
jorge orosman da silva is the manager of penarol , the youthclub of abel hernandez . he also plays for central espanol and u . s . citta di palermo .
abel hernandez plays for u . s . citta di palermo in the serie a league . his youth club is penarol and his manager is giuseppe iachini .
adam mcquaid was born in prince edward island on october 12 , 1986 . he weighs 94 . 8024 kilograms .
the columbus blue jackets , based in columbus , ohio , drafted adam mcquaid . he is currently a member of the boston bruins , whose general manager is don sweeney .
akeem ayers was born on 10 july 1989 . he played for the st louis rams and the tennessee titans .
akeem dent was born in atlanta , georgia on september 27 , 1987 . he played for the houston texans .
akeem dent was born in atlanta , georgia on september 27 , 1987 . he played for the houston texans and the atlanta falcons .
alaa abdul - zahra plays for al - zawra ' a sc and is managed by amar osim . his club ' s ground is in al khor .
alaa abdul - zahra is a member of the iraq national under - 23 football team and plays for al kharaitiyat sc whose ground is in al khor . amar osim is the manager of al kharaitiyat sc .
amar osim is the manager of al kharaitiyat sc which is located in al khor and plays for shabab al - ordon club . alaa abdul - zahra plays for al kharaitiyat sc .
alan martin ( born on 1989 - 01 - 01 ) is 185 . 42 centimetres tall and plays for both hamilton academical f . c . and crewe alexandra f . c .
alan martin was born on 1 january 1989 and is 185 . 42 cm . he plays for the scotland national under - 21 football team and for crewe alexandra f . c .
aleksandr prudnikov was born on 24 february 1989 . he is 185 cm tall and plays for fc kuban krasnodar and fc dynamo moscow .
aleksandr prudnikov ( born on 1989 - 02 - 24 ) is 185 . 0 centimetres tall and plays for both fc spartak moscow and fc rubin kazan .
aleksandre guruli was born in batumi and is 178 centimetres tall . he plays for fc karpaty lviv and fc zestafoni .
alex plante ( born on 1989 - 05 - 09 ) played for anyang halla and was born in canada .
alex plante was born in 1989 in canada . he is 1 . 9304 metres tall and plays for anyang halla .
aaron boogaard was born in inuktitut speaking canada . the country ' s leader is elizabeth ii and the national anthem is o canada .
aaron boogaard was born in canada , where the anthem is o canada , the leader is elizabeth ii and asian canadians are one of the ethnic groups .
aaron boogaard was born in canada where the slavey language is spoken . the leader of the country is elizabeth ii and the national anthem is o canada .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for both fc terek grozny and fc kuban krasnodar . his manager at fc terek grozny is rashid rakhimov and their ground is in grozny .
the manager of fc torpedo moscow is valery petrakov and the chairman is aleksandr tukmanov . the club played in the 2014 - 15 russian premier league season .
akeem dent played for the houston texans in texas , houston . he is now a member of the atlanta falcons .
abel hernandez plays for hull city a . f . c . and penarol . he is in the uruguayan primera division league . steve bruce is the manager of hull city a . f . c .
19255 1994 vk8 has a periapsis of 6155910000000 . 0 and an apoapsis of 6603633000 . 0 kilometres . it was discovered on 1994 - 12 - 31 and has an orbital period of 8788850000 . 0 .
66063 1998 ro1 has an epoch of 2013 - 11 - 04 and an orbital period of 360 . 29 days . its escape velocity is 0 . 0999 km / s and its apoapsis is 254989570 . 60815 km .
66063 1998 ro1 was discovered on 2013 - 11 - 04 and has an orbital period of 360 . 29 days . its mean temperature is 265 . 0 kelvins and its apoapsis is 254989570 . 60815 km .
1000 piazzia has a periapsis of 352497000000 . 0 and an epoch of 2015 - 06 - 27 . its orbital period is 488160 . 0 and its escape velocity is 0 . 0252 km / s .
the former name of 1001 gaussia was 1923 oaa907 xc . it was discovered by sergey belyavsky on 27 june 2015 and has a periapsis of 419113394 . 55312 km .
german born walter baade was the discoverer of 1036 ganymed . he studied at the university of gottingen and was a doctoral student of allan sandage .
1036 ganymed was discovered by walter baade , who was born in preussisch oldendorf and attended the university of gottingen . his doctoral advisor was halton arp .
1036 ganymed was discovered by walter baade , a student of halton arp , who died in west germany . the alma mater of walter baade is the university of gottingen .
james craig watson , who graduated from the university of michigan , died in madison , wisconsin , from peritonitis . he was the discoverer of 103 hera .
103 hera has an apoapsis of 437170000 . 0 kilometres . it was discovered by the canadian james craig watson , who died in madison , wisconsin .
james craig watson was a national of canada . he died in madison , wisconsin of peritonitis . he was the discoverer of 103 hera .
the periapsis of 107 camilla is 479343000 . 0 kilometres . it was discovered by n . r . pogson , who was born in nottingham and died in chennai .
107 camilla was discovered on 2001 - 03 - 01 . it was discovered by n . r . pogson , who was born in nottingham and died in chennai .
1089 tama was formerly known as a894 va ; a904 vd , it ' s orbital period is 1202 . 846 days and was discovered on 26th november 2005 .
1089 tama was discovered on the 26th of november , 2005 . its escape velocity is . 0068 km / s , its orbital period is 1202 . 846 days , and its apoapsis is 373513000 metres .
1097 vica was discovered on december 31st , 2006 and has a mass of 9 . 8 kilograms . its orbital period is 135589000 . 0 and its apoapsis is 511592000 . 0 .
109 felicitas was in the year 2006 and has an orbital period of 139705000 . 0 . its periapsis is 283326000000 . 0 and its escape velocity is 0 . 0473 kilometreperseconds .
the former name of 10 hygiea was a900 ga . it was discovered on 27 june 2015 and has an orbital period of 5 . 57 days . its periapsis is 416136000000 . 0 .
1101 clematis was born on 2006 - 12 - 31 and has an orbital period of 183309000 . 0 . its escape velocity is 0 . 02 km / s and its apoapsis is 520906000 . 0 km .
1101 clematis , formerly known as 1928 sj , has an orbital period of 183309000 . 0 and a periapsis of 445895000000 . 0 . it was created on december 31st , 2006 .
1101 clematis was discovered on 2006 - 12 - 31 and has an epoch of 2006 - 12 - 31 . its periapsis is 445895000000 . 0 and its escape velocity is 0 . 02 km / s . its orbital period is 183309000 . 0 .
the 1955 dodge was made by dodge . it has a v8 engine , a 3 - speed automatic transmission , and a wheelbase of 120 . 0 inches .
the desoto custom is a related mean of transportation to the 1955 dodge . it was manufactured by desoto and its successors are the desoto firedome and the chrysler newport .
aidastella was built by meyer werft and is owned by costa crociere . it is operated by aida cruises which is located in rostock .
aidastella is owned by costa crociere and operated by aida cruises . it was built by meyer werft and has a length of 253260 . 0 millimetres .
the american locomotive company built the alco rs - 3 between may 1950 and august 1956 . it has a v12 engine and a diesel - electric transmission .
the american locomotive company built the alco rs - 3 between may 1950 and august 1956 . it is 17068 . 8 millimetres long and has a v12 engine .
the american locomotive company , founded in schenectady , new york , is located in the united states and built the alco rs - 3 , which is 17068 . 8 metres long .
the montreal locomotive works built the alco rs - 3 between may 1950 and august 1956 . it has a v12 engine and a diesel - electric transmission .
the montreal locomotive works built the alco rs - 3 between may 1950 and august 1956 . it has a four - stroke engine and 12 cylinders .
the amc matador is also known as the american motors matador . it was assembled in mexico city , has a station wagon body style , and an amc v8 engine .
the amc matador , also known as the vam classic , is a mid - size car that was assembled in kenosha , wisconsin . it has an amc straight - 6 engine .
the honda k engine is found in the acura tlx which is assembled in marysville , ohio . the tlx is a mid - size car that has the option of front - wheel or all - wheel drive .
the acura tlx is a front - engine , v6 - engined luxury vehicle that is assembled at the marysville auto plant .
the arctech helsinki shipyard in finland built the aleksey chirikov icebreaker which is in service and has a beam of 21 . 2 .
the finns are the people who live in finland where the leader is juha sipila . it is also where the aleksey chirikov icebreaker was built in helsinki .
the status of the aleksey chirikov icebreaker is " in service " . it was built by arctech helsinki shipyard in helsinki and has a beam of 21 . 2 .
the alfa romeo 164 is a related mean of transportation to the saab 9000 and lancia thema . it has a straight - four engine and is assembled in italy .
alfa romeo 164 is a related mean of transportation to fiat croma and saab 9000 . it is assembled in italy and has a v6 engine .
alhambra was a ship that was launched on 31 may 1855 . it had a length of 63800 . 0 millimetres and a beam of 8 . 3 metres . it has now been wrecked .
the alvis car and engineering company was founded in coventry and made the alvis speed 25 which has a petrol engine . the company was succeeded by the rover company .
the alvis car and engineering company was founded in coventry and made the alvis speed 25 which has a straight - six engine . the company was succeeded by the rover company .
the american motors corporation ( amc ) was founded by roy d . chapin jr . and is the manufacturer of the amc matador . eagle was a subsidiary of american motors which was later acquired by chrysler .
the american submarine nr - 1 was built by general dynamics electric boat . it was launched on 25 january 1969 and has a beam of 3 . 8 metres . its top speed is 8 . 334 .
the american submarine nr - 1 was launched on 25 january 1969 . it has a length of 45000 . 0 millimetres , a beam of 3 . 8 metres and a top speed of 8 . 334 .
the antares rocket was designed by the yuzhnoye design office . it was first launched on 21st april 2013 and its last flight was on 28th october 2014 . the rocket was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 .
the antares rocket was designed by the yuzhnoye design office . it was first launched on 21st april 2013 and its last flight was on 18th september 2013 . the rocket was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 .
aston martin v8 , which was made in the uk ( capital : london ) , was followed by aston martin virage .
aston martin v8 is a related mean of transportation to aston martin rham / 1 and is assembled in the united kingdom . it has a 5 . 3 litre engine .
the aston martin v8 has a 5 . 3 litre engine and is related to the aston martin dbs . it was succeeded by the aston martin virage which is also made by aston martin .
the atlas ii , which is 3 . 04 m in diameter , was launched from vandenberg air force base and cape canaveral air force station on december 5th , 2002 .
the audi a1 is a supermini which is assembled in audi brussels . it has a 1 . 2 litre engine and a front - engine , front - wheel - drive layout .
founded by august horch , audi is the manufacturer of audi a1 . it has a subsidiary called ducati and a division called audi e - tron .
aida cruises owns aidaluna which has a caterpillar inc . ( founded in california ) engine . the caterpillar inc . engine is located in illinois .
aidastella was built by the meyer werft shipyard and is operated by aida cruises . it is owned by costa crociere which is located in genoa .
antares and delta ii are both rockets , but antares is launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 , while delta ii is launched from the cape canaveral air force station in the united states .
the united states ' antares rocket is comparable to the delta ii , which was launched from vandenberg afb space launch complex 2 and cape canaveral air force station .
the alfa romeo 164 is a sedan automobile that is assembled in italy . it is related to the fiat croma , which is related to the opel vectra .
alfa romeo 164 is a related mean of transportation to fiat croma and opel vectra . it is assembled in milan and has a body style of a sedan automobile .
the american submarine nr - 1 , with a beam of 3 . 8 metres , was built by general dynamics electric boat in groton , connecticut . general dynamics is the parent company of general dynamics electric boat .
a - rosa luna was built by neptun werft in the city of rostock , germany . the leader of the country is stanislaw tillich .
the united states is the origin of the atlas ii . in the united states , the capital is washington d . c . , english is the language spoken and one of the ethnic groups is african american .
the united states are inhabited by americans , including the ethnic group of african americans . the capital city is washington dc and the country is the origin of the atlas ii .
the genre of aaron bertram ' s music is ska punk . he is associated with kids imagine nation and the suburban legends ( of which brian robertson is a member ) .
aaron deer , a solo singer from indianapolis , indiana , performs in the genre of psychedelia .
aaron turner is an electroacoustic musician who sings in the isis and sumac bands .
the genre of aaron turner ' s music is post - metal and he was active from 1995 . he is associated with the band twilight and also with old man gloom .
the genre of aaron turner ' s music is black metal , which is a fusion of death metal . he plays the electric guitar and is associated with the sumac band .
ace wilder ( born on 1982 - 07 - 23 in stockholm ) was a solo singer .
ace wilder was born on 23rd july 1982 in sweden and is a solo singer .
ace wilder was born in 1982 in stockholm and is a solo singer and songwriter .
ace wilder was born in 1982 in sweden and is a solo singer and songwriter .
ahmet ertegun is a united states national who was born in washington dc . he is a member of the non - performing personnel and his genre is rhythm and blues .
the african americans are an ethnic group in the united states where ahmet ertegun , the origin of the rock and roll genre , is located . the rock and roll genre has the stylistic origin of the blues .
albennie jones , who was active in 1950 , played rhythm and blues . this genre is also known as blues and disco .
albennie jones was born in the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group . he plays jazz which has its origins in the blues .
aleksandra kovac was born in belgrade in 1972 . she is a solo singer and performs pop music .
aleksandra kovac was born in the socialist republic of serbia in 1972 . she is a solo singer and performs in the genre of rhythm and blues .
the genre of alex day ' s music is acoustic and he was active from 2006 . he is associated with chameleon circuit and charlie mcdonnell .
the genre of alex day ' s music is electronic and he has been active since 2006 . he is associated with chameleon circuit and charlie mcdonnell .
alfred garth jones was born in 1872 in manchester , england and died in london .
alfredo zitarrosa died in montevideo , uruguay . the leader of the country is daniel martinez and the people are called uruguayans .
alfredo zitarrosa was born in uruguay and his background is solo singer . he was recorded by rca records and his genre is candombe .
alison o ' donnell is a folk musician who was active from 1963 . she is associated with the bands bajik and flibbertigibbet .
alison o ' donnell is a folk musician who was active from 1963 . she is associated with the bands mellow candle and head south by weaving .
alison o ' donnell is a jazz musician who has been recorded by floating world records and deram records , the latter being located in london .
alison o ' donnell is a jazz musician who has been recorded by fruits de mer records and deram records , the latter being located in london .
allen forrest was born in 1981 in fort campbell . he is a solo singer and plays acoustic music .
allen forrest was born in 1981 in fort campbell , ky and was raised in dothan , alabama . he is a solo singer in the hip hop genre .
marry banilow is associated with the musician andrew white who plays alternative rock . this genre is a fusion of nu metal and punk rock .
anders osborne is a rock musician associated with galactic . he is also associated with billy iuso and tab benoit .
the genre of alligator records , located in chicago and labeling anders osborne , is blues .
andra was born in romania and is a solo singer . she performs dance - pop music .
the genre of andra singer is rhythm and blues , which is a mix of funk , disco and blues .
the genre of andrew rayel ' s music is trance and he was active from 2009 . he is associated with christian burns and jonathan mendelsohn .
the genre of andrew rayel ' s music is trance , which has the stylistic origin of house music . he is associated with jwaydan moyine and christian burns .
andrew white is an alternative rock musician who has been active since 2003 . he is associated with the bands marry banilow and kaiser chiefs .
the musician andrew white , who was associated with the kaiser chiefs and marry banilow , was signed to universal records in 2003 but the label is now defunct .
juan afara is the leader of paraguay where agustin barboza died in asuncion which is part of gran asuncion .
al anderson is a member of the nrbq and the wildweeds bands . he plays country music which is associated with the banjo .
allen forrest ' s genre is hip hop music , a style that originated with disco and funk and is related to drum and bass .
alfred garth jones was born in england and also in manchester which is part of greater manchester and is lead by the labour party .
the genre of aaron turner ' s music is post - metal , which uses the cello as an instrument . he is associated with the bands twilight and house of low culture .
the genre of black metal is death metal and is associated with the band twilight and aaron turner who plays the electric guitar .
albennie jones was born in the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group . he plays the genre of rhythm and blues which has its origins in the blues .
aaron s . daggett was born in maine and died in west roxbury . he was awarded the purple heart and fought in the american civil war .
aaron s . daggett was born in maine and died in west roxbury . he was awarded the purple heart and fought in the battle of the wilderness .
ab klink was born in the netherlands and attended the erasmus university in rotterdam which is affiliated with the association of mbas . he worked at the ministry of health , welfare and sport in the netherlands .
abdul taib mahmud ( born in miri , malaysia ) is a member of the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu . he resides in kuching and his region is asajaya .
abdul taib mahmud was born in the kingdom of sarawak and is a member of the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu . he resides in asajaya , sarawak .
adenan satem , born in the japanese occupation of british borneo , is the successor to abdul taib mahmud , who resides in sarawak and is a member of the barisan ra ' ayat jati sarawak party .
adenan satem , born in the japanese occupation of british borneo , is the successor to abdul taib mahmud , who resides in sarawak and is a member of the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu party .
mike akhigbe was the vice president of nigeria . he was preceded by oladipo diya and followed by atiku abubakar . abdulsalami abubakar is a general in the nigerian army .
oladipo diya was the predecessor of mike akhigbe who was the vice president of abdulsalami abubakar . al - amin daggash was the successor of abdulsalami abubakar who was in the military branch of the nigerian air force .
abel caballero ( born in galicia , spain ) was in office while the prime minister was felipe gonzalez and while the monarch was juan carlos i of spain ( preceded by francisco franco ) .
abel caballero was born in galicia , spain . he was a minister of transport and his party was the spanish socialist workers ' party .
abraham a . ribicoff was born in new britain , connecticut , usa . his spouse was casey ribicoff . native americans are one of the ethnic groups of the united states .
adam holloway was born in kent and attended magdalene college , cambridge . he served in the gulf war and was active from 2005 - 05 - 05 .
the polish - soviet war was commanded by joseph stalin . adam koc , a polish national , fought in the war . the polish language is spoken in poland .
adam koc died in new york city . he was involved in the polish - soviet war , which is part of the military conflict known as the russian civil war . the commander of the polish - soviet war was joseph stalin .
makis voridis is the successor of adonis georgiadis who was born in athens , greece and served as the vice president of new democracy .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens , greece and worked at the ministry of economy development and tourism . he was succeeded by makis voridis .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens , greece . he was a member of the hellenic parliament and his successor was makis voridis .
agnes kant is from the netherlands where the euro is the currency .
the leader of the netherlands is mark rutte . agnes kant , a member of the socialist party , served in the house of representatives in the netherlands .
agnes kant is from the netherlands where mark rutte is the leader .
agnes kant is from the netherlands and is a member of the socialist party ( led by emile roemer ) which is known for wearing red .
airey neave was born in knightsbridge , london . he fought in the battle of france and was active between 1953 - 06 - 30 and 1979 - 03 - 30 .
airey neave was born in knightsbridge , london . he fought in the battle of france and was active between 4 march 1974 and 30 march 1979 .
chiang kai - shek was the commander of the world war ii in which airey neave fought as a member of the royal artillery garrisoned at hohne .
albert b . white was born in cleveland and died in parkersburg , west virginia . his successor was william m . o . dawson , who was born in bloomington , maryland .
albert b . white was born in cleveland and was active from 1901 - 03 - 04 to 1905 - 03 - 04 . his successor was william m . o . dawson .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york , where french is spoken . he fought in the american civil war , which was commanded by abraham lincoln .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york city and died in dona ana county , new mexico . he fought in the american civil war where the commander was jefferson davis .
albert jennings fountain was born in staten island , new york . he died in the new mexico territory , in the united states .
the leader of buenos aires is horacio rodriguez larreta . the city is the death place of alberto teisaire , who was a member of the justicialist party , and in office while president , of juan peron .
alberto teisaire ( born in mendoza , argentina ) was the provisional president of the argentine senate . he was a rear admiral and his successor was isaac rojas .
alfred moore scales was born in reidsville , north carolina . he was the governor of north carolina and was a member of the democratic party . his successor was daniel gould fowle .
alfred n . phillip was born in connecticut and served as a member of the u . s . house of representatives from connecticut ' s 4th district . the united states army , which he was a part of , fought in the whiskey rebellion .
alfred n . phillips was born in connecticut and was a member of the u . s . house of representatives from that state ' s 4th district . he was a democrat and his successor was albert e . austin .
alfred n phillips was born in darien , connecticut and is a member of the democratic party of the us . he was the mayor of stamford , connecticut and has been succeeded by albert e austin .
allan shivers was born in lufkin , texas and is a member of the democratic party of the us . he was the governor of texas and was succeeded by price daniel .
allan shivers was born in lufkin , texas and is a member of the democratic party of the us . he was the governor of texas and has been succeeded by wilfred r cousins jr .
alvah sabin is the largest city of burlington , vermont . he was the secretary of state of vermont and worked in the 3rd congressional district of vermont .
alvah sabin is from vermont where the largest city is burlington . he was a member of the whig party which was lead by daniel webster .
aaron s . daggett , who was awarded the purple heart , was involved in the battle of gettysburg which is part of the american civil war . the commander of the american civil war was robert e . lee .
juan peron is the leader of the labour party in argentina . he is president while alberto teisaire is in office .
alberto teisaire was born in mendoza , argentina . he is the successor of isaac rojas and was in office while president juan peron was in power . the labour party ( argentina ) is the party of president juan peron .
carnival corporation & plc is the parent company of costa crociere who own aidastella . it was built by meyer werft in germany and is operated by aida cruises .
aidastella was built by the meyer werft shipyard and is operated by aida cruises . the ship has a length of 253260 . 0 millimetres , a beam of 32 . 2 and a top speed of 38 . 892 .
the american locomotive company built the alco rs - 3 between may 1950 and august 1956 . it has 12 cylinders , a four - stroke engine and is 17068 . 8 millimetres long .
the american locomotive company built the alco rs - 3 between may 1950 and august 1956 . it is 17068 . 8 millimetres long , has 12 cylinders and an v12 engine .
the united states is inhabited by americans , including the ethnic group of native americans . the capital city is washington dc and the national anthem is the star spangled banner . the country is also the origin of the alv x - 1 .
the amc matador , also known as the american motors matador , is a mid - size car that was assembled in thames , new zealand . it has a station wagon body and an amc v8 engine .
alhambra is owned by the p & o company which is located in london . it was built by the samuda brothers and has a beam of 8 . 3 meters . the power type of alhambra is humphrys , tennant and dykes .
the amc matador was produced by american motors , a subsidiary of wheel horse . the company ' s key person was roy d . chapin jr . and it was succeeded by eagle and chrysler .
the american submarine nr - 1 was launched on 25 january 1969 . it has a length of 45000 . 0 millimetres , a beam of 3 . 8 metres , a draft of 4 . 6 metres and a top speed of 8 . 334 .
the united states ' delta ii is a comparable rocket to antares which was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport . the associated rocket for this launch site is minotaur iv .
the antares rocket was designed by the yuzhnoye design office and was first launched on 28th october 2014 . it has a diameter of 3 . 9 metres and was last launched on 13th july 2014 .
the antares rocket is 3 . 9 metres in diameter and was designed by the yuzhnoye design office . it was first launched on 28th october 2014 from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport and its last flight was on 18th september 2013 .
the guiana space centre is the launch site of the airbus defence and space manufactured ariane 5 . the rocket has a diameter of 5 . 4 metres and was first flown on 11th august 2005 and last on 18th december 2009 .
ariane 5 was launched from ela - 3 which is operated by arianespace and is located in guiana space centre , french guiana . arianespace is located in the city of courcouronnes .
the aston martin v8 was built at newport pagnell and is related to the aston martin dbs and aston martin vantage . it has a 5 . 3 litre engine .
the aston martin v8 is a related mean of transportation to the aston martin dbs . it has a 5 . 3 litre engine and is assembled at newport pagnell .
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom where aston martin v8 was assembled . it is related to aston martin dbs and its successor is aston martin virage which was also manufactured by aston martin .
the audi a1 is a supermini hatchback which is assembled in brussels , belgium . it has a 1 . 2 litre engine and a front - engine , front - wheel - drive layout .
founded by august horch , audi is the manufacturer of audi a1 . it ' s e - tron division is subsidiary to lamborghini and it ' s ducati subsidiary .
aida cruises owns aidaluna , which is powered by caterpillar inc . caterpillar was founded in california and is located in peoria , illinois .
aida cruises , which is located in rostock , owns aidaluna . aidaluna ' s power type is caterpillar inc . , which was founded in the united states and has douglas r . oberhelman as one of its key people .
douglas r . oberhelman is the key person at caterpillar inc which was founded in the united states and is now located in peoria , illinois . they are the owner of aidaluna which is operated by aida cruises .
carnival corporation & plc is the parent company of costa crociere which is located in genoa and owns aidastella . aidastella was built by meyer werft and is operated by aida cruises .
juha sipila is the leader of finland where the inhabitants are known as finns and the sami languages are spoken . the country is the location of the arctech helsinki shipyard which built the aleksey chirikov icebreaker .
a - rosa luna was built by neptun werft in the city of rostock , germany . the capital of the country is berlin and the leader is joachim gauck .
the leader of germany is andreas vosskuhle and the capital city is berlin . the country is the location of neptun werft in the city of rostock which is the builder of a - rosa luna .
the united states is inhabited by americans and the ethnic group of native americans . english is the language spoken and the capital city is washington dc . the country is the origin of the atlas ii .
jorge orosman da silva is the manager of penarol , the youthclub of abel hernandez . he is also in the u . s . citta di palermo club and plays for central espanol in the uruguayan segunda division .
the leader of russia is valentina matviyenko . aleksandr chumakov , who played for the soviet union national football team and fc torpedo moscow ( managed by valery petrakov ) , died in that country .
oleh luzhny is the manager of fc karpaty lviv , which is the club of aleksandre guruli . jean - michel aulas is the chairman of olympique lyonnais , which has its ground at parc olympique lyonnais .
a . c . milan play in serie a and their manager is sinisa mihajlovic . their player , alessio romagnoli , used to be at u . c . sampdoria but is now a defender .
a . c . milan , managed by sinisa mihajlovic and with silvio berlusconi as chairman , is the current club of alessio romagnoli . he also played for the italy national under - 17 football team and u . c . sampdoria .
abel hernandez plays for the u . s . citta di palermo , which is managed by giuseppe iachini . he also plays for the uruguay national football team and central espanol , which is in the uruguayan segunda division .
the chairman of fc spartak moscow is sergey rodionov and their ground is at otkrytiye arena . the club has played aleksandr prudnikov who is also in the amkar perm club managed by gadzhi gadzhiyev .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for both fc spartak moscow and fc terek grozny . his home ground is with fc terek grozny which is managed by rashid rakhimov . the chairman of fc spartak moscow is sergey rodionov .
rashid rakhimov is the manager of fc terek grozny who have a ground in grozny . the club is affiliated to fc dynamo moscow and fc spartak moscow . one of their players is aleksandr prudnikov .
the manager of fc torpedo moscow is valery petrakov and they played in the 2014 - 15 russian premier league season . their player aleksandr chumakov was born in the soviet union and he played for the soviet union national football team .
the manager of ferencvarosi tc is thomas doll and the chairman is gabor kubatov . akeem adams plays for the club which is affiliated with united petrotrin f . c . whose ground is in palo seco .
the manager of ferencvarosi tc is thomas doll and the chairman is gabor kubatov . akeem adams plays for the club which is affiliated with united petrotrin f . c . whose ground is at palo seco velodrome .
19255 1994 vk8 was discovered on 31 december 2006 . it has a mass of 5 . 6 kilograms and an orbital period of 8788850000 . its periapsis is 6155910000000 and its apoapsis is 6603633000 .
101 helena was discovered by james craig watson on 15th august 1868 . he was a canadian who graduated from the university of michigan and died in madison , wisconsin .
james craig watson was born in canada and graduated from the university of michigan . he discovered 101 helena and died in madison , wisconsin from peritonitis .
allan sandage was a doctoral student of walter baade who was born in the german empire and died in gottingen . he was the discoverer of 1036 ganymed .
the doctoral students of halton arp and allan sandage , walter baade , was born in the german empire and attended the university of gottingen . he is the discoverer of 1036 ganymed .
walter baade was born in the german empire and is from germany . he attended the university of gottingen and was a doctoral student to allan sandage . he discovered 1036 ganymed .
james craig watson was a national of canada . he graduated from the university of michigan and died in madison , wisconsin . he discovered 103 hera on 1868 - 09 - 07 .
103 hera has a periapsis of 371240000 . 0 kilometres . it was discovered by james craig watson , a canadian who graduated from the university of michigan and died in madison , wisconsin .
107 camilla was discovered by b zellner on 31 december 2006 . its orbital period is 2368 . 05 days , its periapsis 479343000 km and its apoapsis 560937000 km .
107 camilla was discovered by c . woods on 2006 - 12 - 31 . its orbital period is 2368 . 05 days , periapsis is 479343000 . 0 km and apoapsis is 560937000 . 0 km .
107 camilla was discovered by f . vilas on 2006 - 12 - 31 . its orbital period is 2368 . 05 days , periapsis is 479343000 . 0 km and apoapsis is 560937000 . 0 km .
the english national , n . r . pogson was born in nottingham and died in chennai . he was the discoverer of 107 camilla which has an absolute magnitude of 7 . 08 .
1089 tama was formerly known as a919 ha ; 1927 wb . it was discovered on 26th november 2005 and has an orbital period of 1202 . 846 days . its escape velocity is 0 . 0068 km / s .
1101 clematis was created on december 31st , 2006 and has a mass of 5 . 7 kilograms . it has an orbital period of 183309000 . 0 and an escape velocity of 0 . 02 km / s .
the temperature of 11264 claudiomaccone is 173 . 0 kelvins . it was discovered on 26th november 2005 and has an orbital period of 1513 . 722 days . its periapsis is 296521000 . 0 kilometres and its apoapsis is 475426000 . 0 kilometres .
abdul taib mahmud was born on 21 may 1936 in miri , malaysia . he lives in kuching and is a member of the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu .
the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu is the party of abdul taib mahmud who was born in the kingdom of sarawak and now lives in demak jaya , jalan bako , kuching , sarawak . he is the successor to adenan satem who graduated from the university of adelaide .
the nigerian navy ' s mike akhigbe was vice president to abdulsalami abubakar . he was preceded by oladipo diya and followed by atiku abubakar . akhigbe ' s term ended on may 29th , 1999 .
the nigerian army ' s abdulsalami abubakar was vice president from 1999 - 05 - 29 . his predecessor was mike akhigbe and his successor was olusegun obasanjo .
abraham a . ribicoff was an american who was born in connecticut . he was a member of the democratic party , and he served as the governor of connecticut . he died in the united states .
abraham a . ribicoff was an american who was born in connecticut . he was a member of the democratic party , and he served as the united states secretary of health , education , and welfare . he died in new york city .
abraham a . ribicoff is an american who was born in connecticut . he died in new york . his spouse was casey ribicoff . native americans are one of the ethnic groups of the united states .
adam holloway was born in kent and graduated from magdalene college , cambridge . he served as a grenadier guardsman and was a member of the parliament for gravesham . he was active from 2005 - 05 - 05 .
adam holloway was born in faversham , kent , england . he was a member of the conservative party , which he joined on may 5 , 2005 . he graduated from magdalene college , cambridge . he was a member of the grenadier guards .
makis voridis is the successor of adonis georgiadis , who was born in athens , greece . while in office , the prime ministers were antonis samaras and konstantinos mitsotakis .
agnes kant is from the netherlands and worked in the house of representatives . mark rutte is the leader of the netherlands .
agnes kant is a dutch national who lives in doesburg . she worked at the house of representatives in the netherlands , where the leader is khadija arib . the leader of the netherlands is mark rutte .
agnes kant is a dutch national who resides in doesburg . mark rutte is the leader of the netherlands .
albert b white was born on 22 september 1856 in parkersburg , west virginia . he died on 3 july 1941 .
albert b . white was born in cleveland and died in parkersburg , west virginia . his spouse was agnes ward white and his successor was william m . o . dawson , who was born in bloomington , maryland .
albert b . white was born in cleveland and served as the governor of west virginia . his wife ' s name was agnes and he died on march 4 , 1905 . william m . o . dawson was the successor of albert b . white .
albert b white was born in cleveland and is a member of the republican party of the us . he was active between 1901 and 1905 . his successor was william m o dawson .
horacio rodriguez larreta is the leader of buenos aires where alberto teisaire died . teisaire was in office while president of the labour party led by juan peron and his wife eva peron .
alberto teisaire was born in mendoza , argentina on the 20th of may 1891 . he served as rear admiral and as provisional president of the argentine senate . he was succeeded by isaac rojas .
alfons gorbach was born in the state of tyrol in austria . he was a member of the austrian people ' s party and died in graz , styria .
alfons gorbach was born in the state of tyrol in imst . he was a member of the austrian people ' s party and died in graz , styria .
alvah sabin was born in vermont and died in sycamore , illinois . he served in the 3rd congressional district of vermont . the largest city in vermont is burlington .
alvah sabin was born in georgia , vermont and died in sycamore , illinois . he was a representative of vermont ' s 3rd congressional district . the largest city in vermont is burlington .
native americans are one of the ethnic groups of the united states where alfred moore scales was born . he fought in the battle of gettysburg which was part of the american civil war where the commander was jefferson davis .
the native americans are an ethnic group in the united states where alfred moore scales was born . he fought in the american civil war alongside commander jefferson davis at the siege of petersburg .
the national language of argentina is spanish and the country is the birthplace of alberto teisaire . he was a member of the labour party and served as a minister under president juan peron who was married to eva peron .
the genre of aaron bertram ' s music is ska punk , which has the stylistic origin of punk rock . he is associated with the band kids imagine nation and the band suburban legends , which has brian robertson as a member .
aaron deer is an american indie rock singer - songwriter from indiana . he is associated with the band wee giant .
aaron turner is an american black metal musician , who was born in 1995 . he is associated with the bands old man gloom and the lotus eaters .
the genre of aaron turner ' s music is sludge metal and he originates from massachusetts . he was a member of the twilight and lotus eaters bands and was active from 1995 .
the polish rapper magik and the band kaliber 44 are associated with the musical artist abradab who was born in katowice on 12 november 1978 .
ace wilder was born in sweden on the 23rd of july , 1982 . he was a solo singer .
ace wilder was born in stockholm on the 23rd of july 1982 . he was a solo singer and songwriter .
the genre of ace wilder is hip hop music which has the subgenre of gangsta rap . hip hop music is derived from drum and bass and originates from funk and disco .
ace wilder was born in sweden and is part of the hip hop genre . this genre is a mix of funk , disco and drum and bass .
the al anderson nrbq band was born in windsor , connecticut in 1966 . they play rock music and are associated with the bands nrbq and the wildweeds .
the al anderson nrbq band is associated with the nrbq band and plays rock music . the genre of the rock music is bhangra music and it originates from country music . al anderson plays the guitar in the band .
alan frew was born in coatbridge , newmarket , ontario , canada . he is a solo singer and a musician .
aleksandra kovac was born in the socialist republic of serbia in 1972 . she is a solo singer and performs pop music which has the genre of disco .
the k2 kovac sisters duo and kornelije kovac are associated bands of aleksandra kovac who is a solo singer and started to be active in 1990 in the genre of rhythm and blues .
alfred garth jones was born in 1872 in manchester , england , uk . he died in london .
boris johnson is a leader in london where alfred garth jones was born . he died in sidcup . london is lead to the european parliament .
the leader of london , which is where alfred garth jones died , is the european parliament . alfred garth jones was born in manchester , which is where the labour party is the leader .
alison o ' donnell was born in ireland and is a traditional irish folk singer . she was first associated with the band flibbertigibbet and later with mellow candle . she has her own record label called floating world records and has been active since 1963 .
alison o ' donnell ' s genre is jazz , a derivative of which is funk . her record labels are stanyan and deram , the latter being located in london .
alison o ' donnell , who plays the autoharp , is a jazz musician . the jazz genre is a fusion of afrobeat and funk , and has its origins in folk music .
alison o ' donnell plays the voice , bodhran , percussion , and autoharp . she is a jazz musician , whose genre is a fusion of afrobeat and blues .
allen forrest was born in 1981 in dothan , alabama . he was a solo singer and played acoustic music . he was born in fort campbell .
born in 1989 , anders osborne is a rock musician who has worked with galactic and billy iuso . he is also a member of the voice of the wetlands all - stars .
anders osborne is a blues musician who has been active since 1989 . he is associated with galactic , tab benoit and billy iuso .
andra was born in 1986 in campia turzii . she is a dance - pop singer and a reality tv judge .
andra was born in romania in 1986 . she is a solo singer in the rhythm and blues genre .
andrew rayel ' s genre is trance music , which has the stylistic origin of pop music . he is associated with the following bands / musical artists : armin van buuren , bobina , armin van buuren , bobina , mark sixma , jonathan mendelsohn , christian burns , jwaydan , alexander popov , jano , alexandre bergheau , jonny rose , sylvia tosun , lira , yin , alexandra badoi .
andrew rayel was born in chisinau , moldova and is associated with christian burns and armin van buuren . he plays trance music and was active from 2009 .
andrew rayel was born in chisinau , moldova and is associated with the band jwaydan moyine . he plays trance music and was active from 2009 .
andrew rayel is a trance musician who plays the string instrument . he is associated with christian burns and jwaydan moyine ( who is also associated with john digweed ) .
andrew white is a musician who has been associated with kaiser chiefs and marry banilow . he has released records on b - unique and polydor and was active from 2003 .
allen forrest was born in fort campbell and is a hip hop musician . hip hop is a genre that originates from disco and funk and has drum and bass as a derivative .
allen forrest was born in 1981 and is a fan of hip hop music . this genre of music is a mix of disco and funk and has the sub - genre of drum and bass .
the parliament of the united kingdom is the leader of london , the city in which alfred garth jones died in sidcup . jones was born in manchester , which is led by the labour party .
agustin barboza was born in asuncion and died in paraguay . paraguay ' s ethnic group is mestizo , its leader is juan afara and its language is spanish .
the genre of andrew white ' s music is alternative rock , which is a fusion of nu metal . he has been signed to b - unique records and polydor records , which is located in london .
andrew white is a musician who has worked for polydor and universal records . his genre is alternative rock , which is a fusion of nu metal . polydor records is located in london .
the al anderson nrbq band play rock music which has the stylistic origin of country music and the music fusion genre of bhangra . they use guitars to play their music .
al anderson ' s nrbq band play rock music which has the stylistic origins of country music ( banjo ) , blues and bhangra .
aaron turner plays the electric guitar and is associated with the bands twilight and old man gloom . the genre of the twilight band is black metal which is a fusion of death metal .
raul fernando sendic rodriguez is the leader of uruguay where the spanish language is spoken . the country is the location of the home of alfredo zitarrosa who died in montevideo . the politician daniel martinez is the leader of montevideo .
